in initialise_overhead
in initialise_overhead
in benchmark overhead
iterations 1
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3
completed read
in cleanup overhead
in initialise_overhead
in benchmark overhead
iterations 1
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6
completed read
in cleanup overhead
in initialise_overhead
in benchmark overhead
iterations 1927
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 19
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 19
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 20
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 20
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 22
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 22
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 23
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 23
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 24
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 24
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 25
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 25
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 26
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 26
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 27
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 27
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 28
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 28
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 29
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 29
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 36
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 36
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 37
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 37
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 38
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 38
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 39
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 39
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 45
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 45
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 46
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 46
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 50
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 50
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 51
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 51
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 52
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 52
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 53
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 53
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 54
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 54
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 55
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 55
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 56
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 56
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 57
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 57
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 58
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 58
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 59
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 59
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 60
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 60
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 61
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 61
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 62
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 62
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 63
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 63
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 64
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 64
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 65
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 65
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 66
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 66
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 67
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 67
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 68
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 68
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 69
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 69
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 70
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 70
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 71
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 71
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 72
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 72
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 73
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 73
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 74
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 74
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 75
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 75
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 76
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 76
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 77
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 77
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 78
Read: a from pipe: 78
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 79
Read: a from pipe: 79
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 80
Read: a from pipe: 80
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 81
Read: a from pipe: 81
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 82
Read: a from pipe: 82
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 83
Read: a from pipe: 83
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 84
Read: a from pipe: 84
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 85
Read: a from pipe: 85
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 86
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 86
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 87
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 87
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 88
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 88
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 89
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 89
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 90
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 90
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 91
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 91
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 92
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 92
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 93
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 93
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 94
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 94
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 95
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 95
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 96
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 96
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 97
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 97
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 98
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 98
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 99
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 99
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 100
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 100
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 101
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 101
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 102
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 102
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 104
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 104
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 105
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 105
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 106
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 106
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 107
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 107
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 108
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 108
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 109
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 109
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 110
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 110
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 111
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 111
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 112
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 112
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 113
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 113
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 114
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 114
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 115
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 115
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 116
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 116
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 117
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 117
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 118
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 118
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 119
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 119
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 120
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 120
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 121
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 121
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 122
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 122
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 123
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 123
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 124
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 124
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 125
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 125
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 126
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 126
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 127
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 127
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 128
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 128
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 129
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 129
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 130
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 130
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 131
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 131
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 132
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 132
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 133
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 133
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 134
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 134
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 135
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 135
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 136
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 136
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 137
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 137
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 138
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 138
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 139
Read: a from pipe: 139
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 140
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 140
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 141
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 141
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 142
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 142
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 143
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 143
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 144
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 144
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 145
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 145
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 146
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 146
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 147
Read: a from pipe: 147
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 148
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 148
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 149
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 149
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 150
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 150
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 151
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 151
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 152
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 152
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 153
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 153
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 154
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 154
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 155
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 155
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 156
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 156
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 157
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 157
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 158
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 158
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 159
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 159
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 160
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 160
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 161
Read: a from pipe: 161
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 162
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 162
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 163
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 163
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 164
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 164
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 165
completed write
i=0
Read: a from pipe: 165
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 166
Read: a from pipe: 166
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 167
Read: a from pipe: 167
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 168
Read: a from pipe: 168
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 169
Read: a from pipe: 169
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 170
Read: a from pipe: 170
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 171
Read: a from pipe: 171
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 172
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 172
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 173
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 173
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 174
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 174
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 175
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 175
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 176
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 176
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 177
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 177
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 178
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 178
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 179
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 179
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 180
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 180
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 181
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 181
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 182
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 182
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 183
Read: a from pipe: 183
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 184
Read: a from pipe: 184
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 185
Read: a from pipe: 185
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 186
Read: a from pipe: 186
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 187
Read: a from pipe: 187
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 188
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 188
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 189
Read: a from pipe: 189
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 190
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 190
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 191
Read: a from pipe: 191
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 192
Read: a from pipe: 192
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 193
Read: a from pipe: 193
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 194
Read: a from pipe: 194
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 195
Read: a from pipe: 195
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 196
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 196
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 197
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 197
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 198
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 198
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 199
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 199
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 200
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 200
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 201
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 201
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 202
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 202
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 203
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 203
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 204
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 204
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 205
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 205
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 206
Read: a from pipe: 206
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 207
Read: a from pipe: 207
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 208
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 208
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 209
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 209
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 210
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 210
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 211
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 211
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 212
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 212
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 213
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 213
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 214
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 214
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 215
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 215
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 216
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 216
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 217
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 217
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 218
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 218
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 219
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 219
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 220
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 220
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 221
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 221
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 222
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 222
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 223
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 223
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 224
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 224
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 225
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 225
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 226
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 226
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 227
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 227
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 228
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 228
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 229
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 229
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 230
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 230
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 231
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 231
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 232
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 232
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 233
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 233
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 234
Read: a from pipe: 234
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 235
Read: a from pipe: 235
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 236
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 236
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 237
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 237
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 238
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 238
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 239
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 239
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 240
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 240
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 241
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 241
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 242
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 242
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 243
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 243
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 244
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 244
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 245
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 245
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 246
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 246
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 247
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 247
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 248
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 248
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 249
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 249
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 250
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 250
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 251
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 251
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 252
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 252
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 253
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 253
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 254
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 254
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 255
Read: a from pipe: 255
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 256
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 256
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 257
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 257
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 258
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 258
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 259
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 259
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 260
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 260
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 261
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 261
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 262
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 262
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 263
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 263
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 264
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 264
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 265
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 265
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 266
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 266
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 267
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 267
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 268
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 268
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 269
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 269
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 270
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 270
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 271
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 271
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 272
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 272
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 273
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 273
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 274
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 274
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 275
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 275
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 276
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 276
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 277
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 277
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 278
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 278
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 279
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 279
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 280
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 280
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 281
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 281
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 282
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 282
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 283
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 283
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 284
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 284
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 285
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 285
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 286
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 286
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 287
Read: a from pipe: 287
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 288
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 288
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 289
Read: a from pipe: 289
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 290
Read: a from pipe: 290
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 291
Read: a from pipe: 291
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 292
Read: a from pipe: 292
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 293
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 293
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 294
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 294
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 295
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 295
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 296
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 296
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 297
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 297
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 298
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 298
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 299
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 299
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 300
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 300
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 301
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 301
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 302
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 302
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 303
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 303
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 304
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 304
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 305
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 305
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 306
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 306
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 307
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 307
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 308
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 308
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 309
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 309
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 310
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 310
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 311
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 311
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 312
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 312
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 313
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 313
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 314
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 314
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 315
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 315
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 316
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 316
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 317
Read: a from pipe: 317
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 318
Read: a from pipe: 318
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 319
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 319
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 320
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 320
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 321
Read: a from pipe: 321
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 322
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 322
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 323
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 323
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 324
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 324
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 325
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 325
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 326
Read: a from pipe: 326
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 327
Read: a from pipe: 327
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 328
Read: a from pipe: 328
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 329
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 329
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 330
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 330
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 331
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 331
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 332
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 332
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 333
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 333
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 334
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 334
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 335
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 335
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 336
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 336
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 337
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 337
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 338
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 338
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 339
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 339
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 340
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 340
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 341
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 341
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 342
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 342
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 343
Read: a from pipe: 343
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 344
Read: a from pipe: 344
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 345
Read: a from pipe: 345
completed write
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 346
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 346
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 347
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 347
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 348
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 348
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 349
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 349
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 350
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 350
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 351
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 351
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 352
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 352
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 353
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 353
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 354
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 354
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 355
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 355
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 356
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 356
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 357
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 357
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 358
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 358
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 359
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 359
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 360
Read: a from pipe: 360
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 361
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 361
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 362
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 362
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 363
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 363
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 364
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 364
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 365
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 365
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 366
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 366
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 367
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 367
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 368
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 368
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 369
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 369
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 370
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 370
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 371
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 371
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 372
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 372
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 373
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 373
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 374
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 374
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 375
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 375
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 376
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 376
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 377
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 377
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 378
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 378
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 379
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 379
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 380
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 380
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 381
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 381
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 382
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 382
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 383
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 383
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 384
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 384
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 385
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 385
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 386
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 386
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 387
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 387
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 388
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 388
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 389
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 389
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 390
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 390
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 391
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 391
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 392
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 392
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 393
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 393
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 394
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 394
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 395
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 395
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 396
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 396
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 397
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 397
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 398
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 398
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 399
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 399
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 400
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 400
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 401
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 401
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 402
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 402
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 403
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 403
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 404
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 404
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 405
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 405
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 406
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 406
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 407
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 407
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 408
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 408
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 409
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 409
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 410
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 410
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 411
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 411
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 412
Read: a from pipe: 412
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 413
Read: a from pipe: 413
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 414
Read: a from pipe: 414
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 415
Read: a from pipe: 415
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 416
Read: a from pipe: 416
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 417
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 417
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 418
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 418
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 419
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 419
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 420
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 420
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 421
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 421
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 422
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 422
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 423
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 423
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 424
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 424
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 425
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 425
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 426
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 426
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 427
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 427
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 428
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 428
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 429
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 429
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 430
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 430
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 431
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 431
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 432
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 432
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 433
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 433
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 434
Read: a from pipe: 434
completed write
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 435
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 435
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 436
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 436
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 437
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 437
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 438
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 438
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 439
Read: a from pipe: 439
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 440
Read: a from pipe: 440
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 441
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 441
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 442
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 442
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 443
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 443
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 444
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 444
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 445
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 445
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 446
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 446
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 447
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 447
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 448
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 448
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 449
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 449
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 450
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 450
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 451
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 451
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 452
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 452
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 453
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 453
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 454
Read: a from pipe: 454
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 455
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 455
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 456
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 456
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 457
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 457
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 458
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 458
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 459
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 459
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 460
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 460
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 461
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 461
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 462
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 462
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 463
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 463
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 464
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 464
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 465
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 465
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 466
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 466
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 467
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 467
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 468
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 468
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 469
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 469
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 470
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 470
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 471
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 471
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 472
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 472
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 473
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 473
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 474
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 474
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 475
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 475
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 476
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 476
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 477
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 477
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 478
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 478
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 479
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 479
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 480
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 480
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 481
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 481
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 482
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 482
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 483
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 483
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 484
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 484
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 485
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 485
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 486
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 486
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 487
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 487
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 488
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 488
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 489
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 489
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 490
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 490
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 491
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 491
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 492
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 492
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 493
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 493
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 494
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 494
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 495
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 495
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 496
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 496
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 497
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 497
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 498
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 498
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 499
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 499
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 500
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 500
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 501
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 501
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 502
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 502
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 503
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 503
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 504
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 504
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 505
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 505
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 506
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 506
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 507
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 507
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 508
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 508
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 509
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 509
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 510
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 510
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 511
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 511
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 512
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 512
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 513
Read: a from pipe: 513
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 514
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 514
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 515
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 515
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 516
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 516
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 517
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 517
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 518
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 518
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 519
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 519
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 520
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 520
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 521
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 521
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 522
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 522
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 523
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 523
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 524
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 524
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 525
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 525
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 526
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 526
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 527
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 527
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 528
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 528
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 529
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 529
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 530
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 530
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 531
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 531
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 532
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 532
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 533
Read: a from pipe: 533
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 534
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 534
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 535
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 535
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 536
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 536
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 537
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 537
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 538
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 538
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 539
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 539
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 540
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 540
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 541
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 541
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 542
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 542
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 543
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 543
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 544
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 544
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 545
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 545
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 546
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 546
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 547
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 547
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 548
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 548
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 549
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 549
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Read: a from pipe: 550
completed read
Wrote: a to pipe: 550
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 551
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 551
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 552
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 552
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 553
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 553
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 554
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 554
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 555
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 555
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 556
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 556
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 557
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 557
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 558
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 558
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 559
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 559
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 560
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 560
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 561
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 561
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 562
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 562
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 563
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 563
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 564
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 564
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 565
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 565
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 566
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 566
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 567
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 567
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 568
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 568
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 569
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 569
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 570
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 570
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 571
Read: a from pipe: 571
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 572
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 572
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 573
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 573
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 574
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 574
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 575
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 575
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 576
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 576
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 577
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 577
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 578
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 578
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 579
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 579
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 580
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 580
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 581
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 581
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 582
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 582
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 583
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 583
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 584
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 584
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 585
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 585
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 586
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 586
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 587
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 587
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 588
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 588
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 589
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 589
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 590
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 590
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 591
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 591
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 592
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 592
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 593
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 593
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 594
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 594
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 595
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 595
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 596
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 596
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 597
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 597
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 598
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 598
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 599
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 599
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 600
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 600
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 601
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 601
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 602
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 602
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 603
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 603
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 604
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 604
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 605
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 605
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 606
Read: a from pipe: 606
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 607
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 607
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 608
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 608
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 609
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 609
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 610
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 610
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 611
Read: a from pipe: 611
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 612
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 612
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 613
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 613
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 614
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 614
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 615
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 615
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 616
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 616
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 617
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 617
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 618
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 618
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 619
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 619
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 620
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 620
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 621
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 621
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 622
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 622
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 623
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 623
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 624
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 624
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 625
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 625
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 626
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 626
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 627
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 627
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 628
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 628
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 629
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 629
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 630
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 630
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 631
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 631
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 632
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 632
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 633
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 633
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 634
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 634
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 635
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 635
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 636
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 636
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 637
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 637
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 638
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 638
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 639
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 639
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 640
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 640
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 641
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 641
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 642
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 642
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 643
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 643
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 644
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 644
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 645
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 645
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 646
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 646
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 647
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 647
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 648
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 648
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 649
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 649
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 650
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 650
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 651
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 651
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 652
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 652
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 653
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 653
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 654
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 654
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 655
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 655
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 656
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 656
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 657
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 657
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 658
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 658
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 659
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 659
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 660
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 660
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 661
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 661
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 662
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 662
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 663
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 663
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 664
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 664
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 665
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 665
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 666
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 666
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 667
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 667
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 668
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 668
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 669
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 669
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 670
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 670
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 671
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 671
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 672
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 672
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 673
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 673
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 674
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 674
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 675
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 675
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 676
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 676
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 677
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 677
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 678
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 678
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 679
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 679
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 680
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 680
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 681
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 681
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 682
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 682
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 683
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 683
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 684
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 684
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 685
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 685
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 686
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 686
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 687
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 687
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 688
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 688
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 689
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 689
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 690
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 690
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 691
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 691
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 692
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 692
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 693
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 693
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 694
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 694
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 695
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 695
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 696
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 696
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 697
Read: a from pipe: 697
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 698
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 698
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 699
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 699
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 700
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 700
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 701
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 701
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 702
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 702
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 703
Read: a from pipe: 703
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 704
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 704
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 705
Read: a from pipe: 705
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 706
Read: a from pipe: 706
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 707
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 707
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 708
Read: a from pipe: 708
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 709
Read: a from pipe: 709
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 710
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 710
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 711
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 711
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 712
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 712
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 713
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 713
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 714
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 714
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 715
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 715
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 716
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 716
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 717
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 717
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 718
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 718
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 719
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 719
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 720
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 720
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 721
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 721
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 722
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 722
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 723
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 723
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 724
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 724
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 725
completed write
i=2
Read: a from pipe: 725
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 726
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 726
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 727
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 727
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 728
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 728
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 729
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 729
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 730
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 730
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 731
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 731
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 732
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 732
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 733
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 733
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 734
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 734
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 735
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 735
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 736
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 736
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 737
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 737
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 738
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 738
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 739
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 739
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 740
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 740
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 741
Read: a from pipe: 741
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 742
Read: a from pipe: 742
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 743
Read: a from pipe: 743
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 744
Read: a from pipe: 744
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 745
Read: a from pipe: 745
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 746
Read: a from pipe: 746
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 747
Read: a from pipe: 747
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 748
Read: a from pipe: 748
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 749
Read: a from pipe: 749
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 750
Read: a from pipe: 750
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 751
Read: a from pipe: 751
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 752
Read: a from pipe: 752
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 753
Read: a from pipe: 753
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 754
Read: a from pipe: 754
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 755
Read: a from pipe: 755
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 756
Read: a from pipe: 756
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 757
Read: a from pipe: 757
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 758
Read: a from pipe: 758
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 759
Read: a from pipe: 759
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 760
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 760
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 761
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 761
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 762
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 762
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 763
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 763
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 764
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 764
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 765
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 765
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 766
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 766
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 767
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 767
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 768
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 768
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 769
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 769
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 770
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 770
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 771
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 771
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 772
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 772
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 773
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 773
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 774
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 774
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 775
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 775
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 776
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 776
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 777
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 777
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 778
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 778
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 779
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 779
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 780
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 780
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 781
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 781
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 782
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 782
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 783
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 783
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 784
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 784
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 785
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 785
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 786
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 786
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 787
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 787
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 788
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 788
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 789
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 789
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 790
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 790
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 791
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 791
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 792
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 792
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 793
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 793
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 794
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 794
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 795
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 795
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 796
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 796
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 797
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 797
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 798
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 798
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 799
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 799
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 800
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 800
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 801
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 801
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 802
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 802
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 803
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 803
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 804
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 804
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 805
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 805
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 806
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 806
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 807
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 807
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 808
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 808
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 809
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 809
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 810
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 810
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 811
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 811
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 812
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 812
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 813
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 813
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 814
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 814
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 815
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 815
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 816
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 816
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 817
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 817
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 818
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 818
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 819
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 819
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 820
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 820
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 821
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 821
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 822
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 822
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 823
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 823
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 824
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 824
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 825
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 825
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 826
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 826
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 827
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 827
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 828
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 828
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 829
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 829
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 830
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 830
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 831
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 831
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 832
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 832
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 833
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 833
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 834
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 834
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 835
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 835
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 836
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 836
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 837
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 837
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 838
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 838
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 839
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 839
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 840
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 840
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 841
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 841
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 842
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 842
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 843
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 843
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 844
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 844
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 845
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 845
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 846
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 846
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 847
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 847
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 848
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 848
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 849
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 849
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 850
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 850
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 851
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 851
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 852
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 852
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 853
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 853
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 854
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 854
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 855
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 855
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 856
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 856
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 857
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 857
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 858
Read: a from pipe: 858
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 859
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 859
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 860
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 860
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 861
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 861
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 862
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 862
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 863
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 863
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 864
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 864
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 865
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 865
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 866
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 866
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 867
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 867
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 868
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 868
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 869
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 869
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 870
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 870
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 871
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 871
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 872
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 872
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 873
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 873
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 874
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 874
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 875
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 875
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 876
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 876
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 877
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 877
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 878
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 878
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 879
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 879
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 880
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 880
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 881
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 881
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 882
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 882
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 883
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 883
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 884
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 884
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 885
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 885
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 886
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 886
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 887
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 887
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 888
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 888
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 889
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 889
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 890
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 890
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 891
Read: a from pipe: 891
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 892
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 892
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 893
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 893
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 894
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 894
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 895
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 895
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 896
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 896
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 897
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 897
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 898
Read: a from pipe: 898
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 899
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 899
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 900
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 900
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 901
Read: a from pipe: 901
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 902
Read: a from pipe: 902
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 903
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 903
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 904
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 904
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 905
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 905
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 906
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 906
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 907
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 907
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 908
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 908
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 909
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 909
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 910
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 910
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 911
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 911
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 912
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 912
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 913
Read: a from pipe: 913
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 914
Read: a from pipe: 914
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 915
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 915
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 916
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 916
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 917
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 917
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 918
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 918
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 919
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 919
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 920
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 920
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 921
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 921
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 922
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 922
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 923
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 923
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 924
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 924
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 925
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 925
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 926
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 926
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 927
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 927
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 928
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 928
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 929
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 929
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 930
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 930
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 931
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 931
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 932
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 932
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 933
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 933
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 934
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 934
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 935
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 935
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 936
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 936
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 937
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 937
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 938
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 938
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 939
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 939
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 940
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 940
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 941
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 941
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 942
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 942
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 943
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 943
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 944
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 944
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 945
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 945
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 946
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 946
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 947
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 947
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 948
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 948
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 949
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 949
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 950
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 950
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 951
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 951
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 952
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 952
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 953
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 953
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 954
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 954
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 955
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 955
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 956
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 956
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 957
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 957
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 958
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 958
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 959
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 959
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 960
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 960
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 961
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 961
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 962
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 962
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 963
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 963
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 964
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 964
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 965
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 965
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 966
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 966
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 967
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 967
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 968
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 968
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 969
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 969
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 970
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 970
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 971
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 971
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 972
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 972
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 973
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 973
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 974
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 974
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 975
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 975
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 976
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 976
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 977
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 977
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 978
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 978
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 979
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 979
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 980
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 980
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 981
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 981
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 982
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 982
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 983
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 983
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 984
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 984
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 985
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 985
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 986
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 986
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 987
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 987
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 988
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 988
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 989
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 989
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 990
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 990
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 991
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 991
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 992
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 992
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 993
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 993
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 994
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 994
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 995
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 995
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 996
Read: a from pipe: 996
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 997
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 997
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 998
Read: a from pipe: 998
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 999
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 999
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1000
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1000
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1001
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1001
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1002
Read: a from pipe: 1002
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1003
Read: a from pipe: 1003
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1004
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1004
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1005
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1005
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1006
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1006
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1007
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1007
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1008
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1008
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1009
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1009
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1010
Read: a from pipe: 1010
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1011
Read: a from pipe: 1011
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1012
Read: a from pipe: 1012
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1013
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1013
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1014
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1014
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1015
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1015
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1016
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1016
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1017
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1017
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1018
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1018
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1019
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1019
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1020
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1020
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1021
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1021
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1022
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1022
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1023
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1023
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1024
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1024
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1025
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1025
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1026
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1026
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1027
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1027
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1028
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1028
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1029
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1029
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1030
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1030
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1031
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1031
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1032
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1032
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1033
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1033
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1034
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1034
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1035
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1035
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1036
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1036
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1037
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1037
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1038
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1038
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1039
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1039
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1040
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1040
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1041
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1041
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1042
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1042
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1043
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1043
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1044
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1044
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1045
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1045
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1046
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1046
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1047
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1047
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1048
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1048
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1049
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1049
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1050
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1050
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1051
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1051
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1052
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1052
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1053
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1053
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1054
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1054
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1055
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1055
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1056
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1056
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1057
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1057
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1058
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1058
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1059
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1059
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1060
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1060
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1061
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1061
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1062
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1062
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1063
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1063
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1064
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1064
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1065
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1065
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1066
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1066
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1067
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1067
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1068
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1068
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1069
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1069
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1070
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1070
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1071
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1071
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1072
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1072
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1073
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1073
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1074
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1074
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1075
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1075
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1076
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1076
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1077
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1077
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1078
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1078
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1079
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1079
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1080
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1080
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1081
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1081
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1082
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1082
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1083
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1083
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1084
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1084
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1085
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1085
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1086
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1086
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1087
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1087
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1088
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1088
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1089
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1089
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1090
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1090
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1091
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1091
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1092
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1092
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1093
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1093
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1094
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1094
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1095
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1095
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1096
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1096
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1097
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1097
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1098
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1098
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1099
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1099
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1100
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1100
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1101
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1101
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1102
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1102
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1103
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1103
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1104
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1104
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1105
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1105
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1106
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1106
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1107
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1107
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1108
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1108
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1109
Read: a from pipe: 1109
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1110
Read: a from pipe: 1110
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1111
Read: a from pipe: 1111
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1112
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1112
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1113
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1113
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1114
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1114
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1115
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1115
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1116
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1116
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1117
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1117
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1118
Read: a from pipe: 1118
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1119
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1119
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1120
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1120
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1121
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1121
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1122
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1122
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1123
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1123
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1124
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1124
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1125
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1125
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1126
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1126
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1127
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1127
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1128
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1128
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1129
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1129
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1130
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1130
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1131
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1131
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1132
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1132
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1133
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1133
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1134
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1134
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1135
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1135
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1136
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1136
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1137
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1137
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1138
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1138
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1139
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1139
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1140
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1140
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1141
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1141
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1142
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1142
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1143
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1143
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1144
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1144
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1145
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1145
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1146
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1146
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1147
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1147
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1148
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1148
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1149
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1149
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1150
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1150
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1151
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1151
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1152
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1152
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1153
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1153
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1154
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1154
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1155
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1155
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1156
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1156
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1157
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1157
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1158
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1158
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1159
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1159
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1160
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1160
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1161
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1161
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1162
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1162
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1163
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1163
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1164
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1164
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1165
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1165
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1166
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1166
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1167
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1167
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1168
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1168
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1169
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1169
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1170
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1170
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1171
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1171
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1172
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1172
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1173
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1173
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1174
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1174
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1175
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1175
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1176
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1176
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1177
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1177
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1178
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1178
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1179
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1179
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1180
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1180
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1181
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1181
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1182
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1182
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1183
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1183
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1184
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1184
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1185
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1185
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1186
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1186
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1187
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1187
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1188
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1188
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1189
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1189
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1190
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1190
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1191
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1191
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1192
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1192
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1193
Read: a from pipe: 1193
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1194
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1194
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1195
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1195
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1196
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1196
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1197
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1197
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1198
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1198
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1199
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1199
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1200
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1200
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1201
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1201
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1202
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1202
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1203
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1203
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1204
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1204
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1205
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1205
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1206
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1206
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1207
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1207
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1208
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1208
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1209
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1209
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1210
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1210
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1211
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1211
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1212
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1212
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1213
Read: a from pipe: 1213
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1214
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1214
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1215
Read: a from pipe: 1215
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1216
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1216
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1217
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1217
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1218
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1218
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1219
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1219
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1220
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1220
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1221
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1221
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1222
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1222
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1223
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1223
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1224
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1224
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1225
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1225
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1226
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1226
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1227
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1227
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1228
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1228
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1229
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1229
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1230
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1230
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1231
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1231
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1232
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1232
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1233
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1233
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1234
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1234
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1235
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1235
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1236
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1236
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1237
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1237
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1238
Read: a from pipe: 1238
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1239
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1239
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1240
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1240
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1241
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1241
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1242
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1242
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1243
Read: a from pipe: 1243
completed write
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1244
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1244
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1245
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1245
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1246
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1246
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1247
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1247
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1248
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1248
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1249
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1249
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1250
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1250
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1251
Read: a from pipe: 1251
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1252
Read: a from pipe: 1252
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1253
Read: a from pipe: 1253
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1254
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1254
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1255
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1255
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1256
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1256
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1257
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1257
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1258
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1258
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1259
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1259
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1260
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1260
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1261
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1261
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1262
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1262
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1263
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1263
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1264
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1264
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1265
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1265
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1266
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1266
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1267
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1267
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1268
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1268
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1269
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1269
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1270
Read: a from pipe: 1270
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1271
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1271
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1272
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1272
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1273
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1273
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1274
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1274
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1275
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1275
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1276
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1276
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1277
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1277
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1278
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1278
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1279
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1279
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1280
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1280
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1281
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1281
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1282
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1282
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1283
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1283
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1284
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1284
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1285
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1285
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1286
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1286
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1287
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1287
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1288
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1288
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1289
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1289
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1290
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1290
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1291
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1291
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1292
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1292
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1293
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1293
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1294
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1294
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1295
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1295
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1296
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1296
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1297
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1297
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1298
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1298
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1299
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1299
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1300
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1300
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1301
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1301
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1302
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1302
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1303
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1303
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1304
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1304
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1305
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1305
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1306
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1306
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1307
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1307
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1308
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1308
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1309
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1309
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1310
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1310
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1311
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1311
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1312
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1312
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1313
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1313
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1314
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1314
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1315
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1315
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1316
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1316
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1317
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1317
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1318
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1318
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1319
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1319
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1320
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1320
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1321
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1321
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1322
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1322
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1323
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1323
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1324
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1324
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1325
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1325
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1326
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1326
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1327
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1327
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1328
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1328
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1329
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1329
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1330
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1330
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1331
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1331
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1332
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1332
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1333
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1333
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1334
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1334
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1335
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1335
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1336
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1336
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1337
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1337
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1338
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1338
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1339
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1339
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1340
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1340
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1341
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1341
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1342
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1342
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1343
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1343
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1344
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1344
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1345
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1345
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1346
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1346
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1347
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1347
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1348
Read: a from pipe: 1348
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1349
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1349
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1350
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1350
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1351
Read: a from pipe: 1351
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1352
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1352
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1353
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1353
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1354
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1354
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1355
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1355
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1356
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1356
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1357
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1357
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1358
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1358
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1359
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1359
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1360
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1360
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1361
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1361
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1362
Read: a from pipe: 1362
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1363
Read: a from pipe: 1363
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1364
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1364
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1365
Read: a from pipe: 1365
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1366
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1366
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1367
Read: a from pipe: 1367
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1368
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1368
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1369
Read: a from pipe: 1369
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1370
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1370
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1371
Read: a from pipe: 1371
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1372
Read: a from pipe: 1372
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1373
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1373
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1374
Read: a from pipe: 1374
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1375
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1375
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1376
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1376
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1377
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1377
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1378
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1378
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1379
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1379
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1380
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1380
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1381
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1381
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1382
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1382
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1383
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1383
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1384
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1384
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1385
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1385
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1386
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1386
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1387
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1387
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1388
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1388
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1389
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1389
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1390
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1390
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1391
Read: a from pipe: 1391
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1392
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1392
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1393
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1393
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1394
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1394
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1395
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1395
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1396
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1396
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1397
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1397
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1398
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1398
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1399
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1399
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1400
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1400
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1401
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1401
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1402
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1402
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1403
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1403
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1404
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1404
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1405
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1405
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1406
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1406
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1407
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1407
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1408
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1408
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1409
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1409
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1410
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1410
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1411
Read: a from pipe: 1411
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1412
Read: a from pipe: 1412
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1413
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1413
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1414
Read: a from pipe: 1414
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1415
Read: a from pipe: 1415
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1416
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1416
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1417
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1417
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1418
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1418
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1419
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1419
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1420
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1420
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1421
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1421
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1422
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1422
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1423
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1423
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1424
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1424
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1425
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1425
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1426
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1426
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1427
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1427
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1428
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1428
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1429
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1429
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1430
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1430
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1431
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1431
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1432
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1432
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1433
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1433
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1434
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1434
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1435
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1435
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1436
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1436
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1437
Read: a from pipe: 1437
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1438
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1438
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1439
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1439
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1440
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1440
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1441
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1441
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1442
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1442
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1443
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1443
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1444
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1444
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1445
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1445
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1446
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1446
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1447
Read: a from pipe: 1447
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1448
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1448
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1449
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1449
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1450
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1450
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1451
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1451
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1452
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1452
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1453
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1453
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1454
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1454
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1455
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1455
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1456
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1456
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1457
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1457
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1458
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1458
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1459
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1459
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1460
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1460
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1461
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1461
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1462
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1462
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1463
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1463
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1464
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1464
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1465
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1465
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1466
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1466
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1467
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1467
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1468
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1468
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1469
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1469
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1470
Read: a from pipe: 1470
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1471
Read: a from pipe: 1471
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1472
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1472
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1473
Read: a from pipe: 1473
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1474
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1474
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1475
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1475
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1476
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1476
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1477
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1477
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1478
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1478
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1479
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1479
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1480
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1480
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1481
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1481
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1482
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1482
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1483
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1483
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1484
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1484
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1485
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1485
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1486
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1486
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1487
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1487
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1488
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1488
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1489
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1489
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1490
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1490
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1491
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1491
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1492
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1492
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1493
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1493
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1494
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1494
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1495
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1495
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1496
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1496
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1497
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1497
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1498
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1498
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1499
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1499
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1500
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1500
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1501
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1501
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1502
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1502
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1503
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1503
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1504
Read: a from pipe: 1504
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1505
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1505
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1506
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1506
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1507
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1507
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1508
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1508
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1509
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1509
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1510
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1510
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1511
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1511
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1512
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1512
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1513
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1513
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1514
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1514
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1515
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1515
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1516
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1516
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1517
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1517
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1518
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1518
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1519
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1519
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1520
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1520
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1521
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1521
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1522
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1522
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1523
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1523
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1524
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1524
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1525
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1525
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1526
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1526
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1527
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1527
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1528
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1528
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1529
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1529
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1530
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1530
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1531
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1531
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1532
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1532
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1533
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1533
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1534
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1534
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1535
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1535
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1536
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1536
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1537
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1537
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1538
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1538
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1539
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1539
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1540
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1540
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1541
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1541
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1542
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1542
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1543
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1543
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1544
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1544
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1545
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1545
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1546
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1546
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1547
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1547
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1548
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1548
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1549
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1549
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1550
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1550
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1551
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1551
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1552
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1552
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1553
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1553
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1554
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1554
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1555
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1555
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1556
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1556
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1557
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1557
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1558
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1558
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1559
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1559
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1560
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1560
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1561
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1561
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1562
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1562
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1563
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1563
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1564
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1564
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1565
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1565
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1566
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1566
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1567
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1567
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1568
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1568
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1569
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1569
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1570
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1570
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1571
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1571
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1572
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1572
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1573
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1573
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1574
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1574
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1575
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1575
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1576
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1576
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1577
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1577
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1578
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1578
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1579
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1579
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1580
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1580
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1581
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1581
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1582
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1582
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1583
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1583
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1584
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1584
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1585
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1585
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1586
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1586
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1587
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1587
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1588
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1588
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1589
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1589
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1590
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1590
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1591
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1591
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1592
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1592
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1593
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1593
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1594
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1594
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1595
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1595
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1596
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1596
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1597
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1597
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1598
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1598
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1599
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1599
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1600
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1600
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1601
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1601
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1602
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1602
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1603
opened for read
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1603
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1604
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1604
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1605
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1605
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1606
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1606
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1607
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1607
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1608
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1608
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1609
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1609
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1610
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1610
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1611
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1611
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1612
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1612
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1613
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1613
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1614
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1614
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1615
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1615
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1616
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1616
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1617
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1617
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1618
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1618
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1619
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1619
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1620
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1620
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1621
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1621
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1622
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1622
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1623
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1623
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1624
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1624
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1625
Read: a from pipe: 1625
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1626
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1626
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1627
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1627
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1628
opened for read
completed write
i=2
Read: a from pipe: 1628
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1629
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1629
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1630
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1630
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1631
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1631
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1632
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1632
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1633
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1633
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1634
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1634
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1635
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1635
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1636
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1636
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1637
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1637
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1638
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1638
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1639
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1639
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1640
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1640
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1641
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1641
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1642
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1642
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1643
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1643
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1644
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1644
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1645
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1645
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1646
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1646
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1647
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1647
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1648
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1648
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1649
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1649
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1650
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1650
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1651
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1651
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1652
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1652
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1653
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1653
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1654
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1654
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1655
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1655
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1656
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1656
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1657
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1657
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1658
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1658
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1659
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1659
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1660
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1660
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1661
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1661
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1662
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1662
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1663
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1663
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1664
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1664
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1665
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1665
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1666
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1666
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1667
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1667
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1668
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1668
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1669
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1669
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1670
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1670
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1671
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1671
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1672
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1672
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1673
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1673
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1674
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1674
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1675
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1675
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1676
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1676
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1677
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1677
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1678
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1678
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1679
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1679
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1680
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1680
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1681
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1681
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1682
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1682
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1683
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1683
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1684
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1684
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1685
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1685
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1686
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1686
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1687
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1687
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1688
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1688
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1689
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1689
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1690
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1690
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1691
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1691
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1692
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1692
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1693
Read: a from pipe: 1693
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1694
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1694
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1695
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1695
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1696
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1696
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1697
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1697
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1698
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1698
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1699
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1699
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1700
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1700
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1701
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1701
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1702
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1702
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1703
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1703
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1704
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1704
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1705
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1705
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1706
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1706
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1707
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1707
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1708
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1708
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1709
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1709
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1710
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1710
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1711
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1711
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1712
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1712
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1713
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1713
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1714
Read: a from pipe: 1714
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1715
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1715
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1716
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1716
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1717
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1717
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1718
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1718
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1719
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1719
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1720
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1720
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1721
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1721
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1722
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1722
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1723
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1723
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1724
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1724
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1725
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1725
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1726
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1726
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1727
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1727
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1728
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1728
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1729
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1729
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1730
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1730
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1731
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1731
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1732
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1732
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1733
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1733
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1734
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1734
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1735
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1735
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1736
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1736
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1737
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1737
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1738
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1738
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1739
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1739
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1740
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1740
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1741
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1741
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1742
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1742
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1743
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1743
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1744
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1744
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1745
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1745
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1746
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1746
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1747
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1747
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1748
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1748
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1749
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1749
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1750
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1750
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1751
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1751
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1752
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1752
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1753
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1753
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1754
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1754
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1755
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1755
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1756
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1756
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1757
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1757
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1758
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1758
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1759
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1759
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1760
Read: a from pipe: 1760
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1761
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1761
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1762
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1762
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1763
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1763
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1764
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1764
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1765
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1765
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1766
Read: a from pipe: 1766
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1767
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1767
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1768
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1768
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1769
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1769
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1770
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1770
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1771
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1771
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1772
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1772
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1773
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1773
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1774
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1774
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1775
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1775
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1776
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1776
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1777
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1777
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1778
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1778
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1779
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1779
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1780
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1780
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1781
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1781
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1782
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1782
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1783
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1783
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1784
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1784
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1785
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1785
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1786
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1786
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1787
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1787
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1788
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1788
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1789
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1789
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1790
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1790
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1791
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1791
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1792
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1792
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1793
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1793
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1794
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1794
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1795
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1795
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1796
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1796
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1797
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1797
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1798
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1798
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1799
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1799
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1800
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1800
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1801
Read: a from pipe: 1801
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1802
Read: a from pipe: 1802
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1803
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1803
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1804
Read: a from pipe: 1804
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1805
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1805
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1806
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1806
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1807
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1807
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1808
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1808
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1809
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1809
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1810
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1810
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1811
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1811
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1812
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1812
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1813
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1813
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1814
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1814
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1815
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1815
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1816
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1816
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1817
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1817
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1818
Read: a from pipe: 1818
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1819
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1819
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1820
Read: a from pipe: 1820
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1821
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1821
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1822
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1822
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1823
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1823
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1824
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1824
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1825
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1825
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1826
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1826
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1827
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1827
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1828
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1828
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1829
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1829
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1830
Read: a from pipe: 1830
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1831
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1831
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1832
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1832
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1833
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1833
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1834
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1834
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1835
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1835
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1836
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1836
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1837
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1837
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1838
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1838
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1839
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1839
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1840
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1840
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1841
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1841
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1842
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1842
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1843
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1843
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1844
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1844
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1845
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1845
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1846
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1846
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1847
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1847
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1848
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1848
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1849
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1849
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1850
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1850
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1851
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1851
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1852
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1852
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1853
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1853
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1854
Read: a from pipe: 1854
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1855
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1855
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1856
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1856
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1857
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1857
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1858
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1858
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1859
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1859
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1860
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1860
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1861
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1861
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1862
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1862
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1863
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1863
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1864
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1864
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1865
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1865
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1866
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1866
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1867
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1867
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1868
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1868
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1869
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1869
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1870
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1870
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1871
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1871
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1872
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1872
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1873
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1873
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1874
Read: a from pipe: 1874
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1875
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1875
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1876
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1876
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1877
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1877
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1878
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1878
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1879
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1879
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1880
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1880
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1881
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1881
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1882
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1882
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1883
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1883
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1884
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1884
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1885
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1885
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1886
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1886
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1887
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1887
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1888
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1888
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1889
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1889
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1890
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1890
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1891
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1891
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1892
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1892
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1893
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1893
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1894
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1894
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1895
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1895
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1896
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1896
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1897
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1897
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1898
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1898
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1899
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1899
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1900
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1900
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1901
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1901
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1902
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1902
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1903
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1903
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1904
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1904
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1905
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1905
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1906
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1906
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1907
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1907
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1908
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1908
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1909
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1909
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1910
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1910
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1911
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1911
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1912
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1912
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1913
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1913
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1914
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1914
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1915
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1915
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1916
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1916
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1917
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1917
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1918
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1918
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1919
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1919
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1920
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1920
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1921
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1921
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1922
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1922
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1923
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1923
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1924
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1924
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1925
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1925
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1926
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1926
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1927
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1927
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1928
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1928
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1929
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1929
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1930
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1930
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1931
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1931
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1932
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1932
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1933
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1933
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1934
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1934
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1935
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1935
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1936
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1936
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1937
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1937
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1938
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1938
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1939
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1939
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1940
Read: a from pipe: 1940
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1941
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1941
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1942
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1942
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1943
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1943
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1944
Read: a from pipe: 1944
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1945
Read: a from pipe: 1945
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1946
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1946
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1947
Read: a from pipe: 1947
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1948
Read: a from pipe: 1948
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1949
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1949
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1950
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1950
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1951
Read: a from pipe: 1951
completed read
completed write
in cleanup overhead
in initialise_overhead
in benchmark overhead
iterations 1342
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1952
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1952
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1953
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1953
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1954
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1954
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1955
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1955
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1956
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1956
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1957
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1957
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1958
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1958
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1959
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1959
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1960
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1960
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1961
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1961
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1962
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1962
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1963
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1963
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1964
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1964
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1965
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1965
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1966
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1966
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1967
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1967
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1968
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1968
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1969
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1969
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1970
Read: a from pipe: 1970
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1971
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1971
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1972
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1972
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1973
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1973
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1974
Read: a from pipe: 1974
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1975
Read: a from pipe: 1975
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1976
Read: a from pipe: 1976
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1977
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1977
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1978
Read: a from pipe: 1978
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1979
Read: a from pipe: 1979
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1980
Read: a from pipe: 1980
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1981
Read: a from pipe: 1981
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1982
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1982
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1983
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1983
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1984
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1984
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1985
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1985
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1986
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1986
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1987
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1987
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1988
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1988
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1989
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1989
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1990
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1990
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1991
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1991
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1992
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1992
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1993
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1993
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1994
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1994
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1995
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1995
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1996
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1996
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1997
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1997
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1998
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1998
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 1999
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 1999
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2000
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2000
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2001
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2001
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2002
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2002
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2003
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2003
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2004
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2004
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2005
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2005
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2006
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2006
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2007
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2007
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2008
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2008
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2009
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2009
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2010
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2010
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2011
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2011
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2012
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2012
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2013
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2013
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2014
Read: a from pipe: 2014
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2015
Read: a from pipe: 2015
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2016
Read: a from pipe: 2016
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2017
Read: a from pipe: 2017
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2018
Read: a from pipe: 2018
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2019
Read: a from pipe: 2019
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2020
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2020
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2021
Read: a from pipe: 2021
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2022
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2022
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2023
Read: a from pipe: 2023
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2024
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2024
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2025
Read: a from pipe: 2025
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2026
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2026
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2027
Read: a from pipe: 2027
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2028
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2028
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2029
Read: a from pipe: 2029
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2030
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2030
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2031
Read: a from pipe: 2031
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2032
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2032
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2033
Read: a from pipe: 2033
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2034
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2034
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2035
Read: a from pipe: 2035
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2036
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2036
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2037
Read: a from pipe: 2037
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2038
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2038
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2039
Read: a from pipe: 2039
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2040
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2040
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2041
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2041
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2042
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2042
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2043
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2043
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2044
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2044
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2045
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2045
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2046
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2046
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2047
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2047
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2048
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2048
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2049
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2049
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2050
Read: a from pipe: 2050
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2051
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2051
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2052
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2052
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2053
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2053
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2054
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2054
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2055
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2055
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2056
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2056
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2057
Read: a from pipe: 2057
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2058
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2058
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2059
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2059
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2060
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2060
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2061
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2061
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2062
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2062
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2063
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2063
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2064
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2064
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2065
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2065
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2066
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2066
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2067
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2067
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2068
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2068
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2069
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2069
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2070
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2070
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2071
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2071
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2072
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2072
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2073
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2073
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2074
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2074
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2075
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2075
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2076
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2076
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2077
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2077
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2078
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2078
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2079
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2079
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2080
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2080
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2081
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2081
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2082
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2082
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2083
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2083
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2084
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2084
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2085
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2085
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2086
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2086
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2087
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2087
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2088
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2088
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2089
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2089
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2090
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2090
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2091
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2091
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2092
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2092
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2093
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2093
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2094
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2094
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2095
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2095
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2096
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2096
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2097
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2097
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2098
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2098
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2099
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2099
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2100
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2100
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2101
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2101
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2102
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2102
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2103
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2103
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2104
Read: a from pipe: 2104
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2105
Read: a from pipe: 2105
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2106
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2106
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2107
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2107
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2108
Read: a from pipe: 2108
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2109
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2109
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2110
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2110
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2111
Read: a from pipe: 2111
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2112
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2112
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2113
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2113
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2114
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2114
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2115
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2115
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2116
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2116
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2117
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2117
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2118
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2118
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2119
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2119
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2120
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2120
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2121
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2121
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2122
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2122
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2123
completed write
i=1
Read: a from pipe: 2123
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2124
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2124
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2125
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2125
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2126
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2126
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2127
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2127
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2128
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2128
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2129
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2129
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2130
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2130
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2131
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2131
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2132
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2132
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2133
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2133
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2134
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2134
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2135
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2135
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2136
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2136
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2137
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2137
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2138
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2138
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2139
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2139
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2140
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2140
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2141
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2141
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2142
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2142
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2143
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2143
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2144
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2144
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2145
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2145
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2146
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2146
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2147
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2147
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2148
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2148
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2149
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2149
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2150
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2150
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2151
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2151
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2152
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2152
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2153
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2153
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2154
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2154
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2155
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2155
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2156
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2156
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2157
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2157
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2158
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2158
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2159
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2159
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2160
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2160
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2161
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2161
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2162
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2162
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2163
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2163
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2164
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2164
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2165
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2165
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2166
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2166
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2167
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2167
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2168
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2168
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2169
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2169
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2170
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2170
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2171
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2171
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2172
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2172
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2173
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2173
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2174
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2174
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2175
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2175
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2176
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2176
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2177
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2177
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2178
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2178
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2179
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2179
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2180
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2180
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2181
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2181
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2182
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2182
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2183
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2183
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2184
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2184
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2185
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2185
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2186
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2186
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2187
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2187
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2188
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2188
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2189
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2189
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2190
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2190
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2191
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2191
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2192
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2192
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2193
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2193
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2194
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2194
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2195
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2195
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2196
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2196
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2197
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2197
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2198
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2198
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2199
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2199
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2200
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2200
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2201
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2201
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2202
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2202
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2203
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2203
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2204
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2204
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2205
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2205
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2206
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2206
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2207
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2207
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2208
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2208
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2209
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2209
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2210
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2210
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2211
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2211
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2212
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2212
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2213
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2213
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2214
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2214
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2215
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2215
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2216
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2216
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2217
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2217
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2218
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2218
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2219
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2219
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2220
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2220
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2221
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2221
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2222
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2222
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2223
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2223
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2224
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2224
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2225
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2225
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2226
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2226
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2227
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2227
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2228
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2228
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2229
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2229
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2230
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2230
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2231
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2231
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2232
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2232
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2233
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2233
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2234
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2234
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2235
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2235
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2236
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2236
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2237
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2237
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2238
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2238
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2239
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2239
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2240
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2240
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2241
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2241
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2242
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2242
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2243
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2243
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2244
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2244
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2245
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2245
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2246
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2246
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2247
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2247
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2248
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2248
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2249
Read: a from pipe: 2249
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2250
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2250
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2251
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2251
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2252
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2252
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2253
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2253
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2254
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2254
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2255
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2255
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2256
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2256
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2257
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2257
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2258
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2258
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2259
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2259
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2260
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2260
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2261
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2261
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2262
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2262
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2263
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2263
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2264
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2264
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2265
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2265
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2266
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2266
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2267
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2267
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2268
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2268
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2269
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2269
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2270
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2270
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2271
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2271
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2272
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2272
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2273
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2273
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2274
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2274
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2275
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2275
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2276
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2276
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2277
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2277
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2278
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2278
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2279
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2279
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2280
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2280
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2281
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2281
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2282
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2282
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2283
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2283
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2284
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2284
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2285
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2285
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2286
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2286
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2287
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2287
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2288
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2288
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2289
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2289
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2290
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2290
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2291
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2291
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2292
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2292
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2293
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2293
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2294
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2294
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2295
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2295
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2296
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2296
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2297
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2297
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2298
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2298
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2299
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2299
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2300
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2300
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2301
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2301
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2302
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2302
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2303
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2303
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2304
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2304
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2305
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2305
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2306
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2306
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2307
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2307
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2308
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2308
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2309
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2309
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2310
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2310
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2311
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2311
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2312
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2312
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2313
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2313
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2314
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2314
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2315
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2315
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2316
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2316
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2317
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2317
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2318
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2318
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2319
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2319
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2320
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2320
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2321
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2321
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2322
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2322
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2323
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2323
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2324
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2324
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2325
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2325
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2326
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2326
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2327
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2327
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2328
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2328
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2329
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2329
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2330
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2330
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2331
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2331
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2332
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2332
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2333
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2333
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2334
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2334
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2335
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2335
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2336
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2336
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2337
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2337
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2338
Read: a from pipe: 2338
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2339
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2339
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2340
Read: a from pipe: 2340
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2341
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2341
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2342
Read: a from pipe: 2342
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2343
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2343
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2344
Read: a from pipe: 2344
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2345
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2345
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2346
Read: a from pipe: 2346
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2347
Read: a from pipe: 2347
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2348
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2348
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2349
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2349
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2350
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2350
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2351
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2351
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2352
Read: a from pipe: 2352
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2353
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2353
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2354
Read: a from pipe: 2354
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2355
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2355
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2356
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2356
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2357
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2357
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2358
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2358
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2359
Read: a from pipe: 2359
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2360
Read: a from pipe: 2360
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2361
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2361
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2362
Read: a from pipe: 2362
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2363
Read: a from pipe: 2363
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2364
Read: a from pipe: 2364
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2365
Read: a from pipe: 2365
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2366
Read: a from pipe: 2366
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2367
Read: a from pipe: 2367
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2368
Read: a from pipe: 2368
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2369
Read: a from pipe: 2369
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2370
Read: a from pipe: 2370
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2371
Read: a from pipe: 2371
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2372
Read: a from pipe: 2372
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2373
Read: a from pipe: 2373
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2374
Read: a from pipe: 2374
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2375
Read: a from pipe: 2375
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2376
Read: a from pipe: 2376
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2377
Read: a from pipe: 2377
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2378
Read: a from pipe: 2378
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2379
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2379
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2380
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2380
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2381
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2381
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2382
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2382
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2383
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2383
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2384
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2384
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2385
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2385
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2386
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2386
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2387
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2387
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2388
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2388
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2389
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2389
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2390
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2390
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2391
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2391
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2392
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2392
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2393
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2393
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2394
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2394
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2395
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2395
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2396
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2396
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2397
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2397
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2398
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2398
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2399
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2399
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2400
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2400
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2401
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2401
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2402
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2402
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2403
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2403
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2404
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2404
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2405
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2405
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2406
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2406
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2407
Read: a from pipe: 2407
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2408
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2408
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2409
Read: a from pipe: 2409
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2410
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2410
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2411
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2411
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2412
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2412
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2413
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2413
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2414
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2414
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2415
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2415
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2416
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2416
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2417
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2417
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2418
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2418
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2419
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2419
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2420
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2420
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2421
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2421
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2422
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2422
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2423
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2423
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2424
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2424
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2425
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2425
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2426
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2426
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2427
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2427
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2428
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2428
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2429
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2429
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2430
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2430
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2431
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2431
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2432
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2432
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2433
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2433
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2434
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2434
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2435
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2435
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2436
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2436
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2437
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2437
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2438
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2438
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2439
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2439
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2440
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2440
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2441
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2441
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2442
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2442
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2443
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2443
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2444
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2444
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2445
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2445
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2446
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2446
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2447
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2447
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2448
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2448
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2449
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2449
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2450
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2450
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2451
Read: a from pipe: 2451
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2452
Read: a from pipe: 2452
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2453
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2453
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2454
Read: a from pipe: 2454
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2455
Read: a from pipe: 2455
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2456
Read: a from pipe: 2456
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2457
Read: a from pipe: 2457
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2458
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2458
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2459
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2459
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2460
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2460
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2461
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2461
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2462
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2462
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2463
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2463
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2464
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2464
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2465
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2465
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2466
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2466
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2467
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2467
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2468
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2468
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2469
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2469
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2470
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2470
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2471
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2471
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2472
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2472
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2473
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2473
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2474
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2474
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2475
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2475
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2476
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2476
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2477
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2477
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2478
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2478
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2479
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2479
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2480
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2480
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2481
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2481
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2482
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2482
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2483
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2483
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2484
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2484
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2485
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2485
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2486
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2486
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2487
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2487
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2488
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2488
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2489
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2489
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2490
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2490
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2491
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2491
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2492
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2492
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2493
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2493
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2494
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2494
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2495
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2495
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2496
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2496
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2497
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2497
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2498
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2498
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2499
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2499
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2500
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2500
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2501
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2501
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2502
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2502
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2503
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2503
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2504
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2504
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2505
Read: a from pipe: 2505
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2506
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2506
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2507
Read: a from pipe: 2507
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2508
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2508
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2509
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2509
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2510
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2510
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2511
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2511
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2512
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2512
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2513
Read: a from pipe: 2513
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2514
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2514
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2515
Read: a from pipe: 2515
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2516
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2516
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2517
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2517
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2518
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2518
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2519
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2519
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2520
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2520
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2521
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2521
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2522
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2522
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2523
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2523
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2524
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2524
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2525
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2525
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2526
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2526
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2527
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2527
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2528
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2528
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2529
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2529
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2530
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2530
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2531
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2531
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2532
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2532
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2533
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2533
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2534
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2534
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2535
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2535
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2536
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2536
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2537
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2537
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2538
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2538
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2539
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2539
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2540
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2540
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2541
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2541
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2542
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2542
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2543
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2543
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2544
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2544
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2545
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2545
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2546
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2546
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2547
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2547
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2548
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2548
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2549
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2549
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2550
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2550
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2551
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2551
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2552
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2552
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2553
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2553
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2554
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2554
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2555
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2555
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2556
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2556
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2557
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2557
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2558
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2558
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2559
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2559
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2560
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2560
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2561
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2561
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2562
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2562
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2563
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2563
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2564
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2564
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2565
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2565
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2566
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2566
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2567
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2567
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2568
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2568
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2569
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2569
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2570
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2570
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2571
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2571
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2572
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2572
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2573
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2573
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2574
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2574
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2575
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2575
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2576
Read: a from pipe: 2576
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2577
Read: a from pipe: 2577
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2578
Read: a from pipe: 2578
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2579
Read: a from pipe: 2579
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2580
Read: a from pipe: 2580
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2581
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2581
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2582
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2582
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2583
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2583
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2584
Read: a from pipe: 2584
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2585
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2585
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2586
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2586
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2587
Read: a from pipe: 2587
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2588
Read: a from pipe: 2588
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2589
Read: a from pipe: 2589
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2590
Read: a from pipe: 2590
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2591
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2591
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2592
Read: a from pipe: 2592
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2593
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2593
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2594
Read: a from pipe: 2594
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2595
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2595
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2596
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2596
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2597
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2597
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2598
Read: a from pipe: 2598
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2599
Read: a from pipe: 2599
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2600
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2600
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2601
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2601
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2602
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2602
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2603
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2603
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2604
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2604
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2605
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2605
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2606
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2606
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2607
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2607
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2608
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2608
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2609
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2609
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2610
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2610
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2611
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2611
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2612
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2612
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2613
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2613
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2614
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2614
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2615
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2615
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2616
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2616
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2617
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2617
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2618
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2618
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2619
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2619
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2620
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2620
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2621
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2621
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2622
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2622
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2623
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2623
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2624
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2624
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2625
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2625
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2626
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2626
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2627
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2627
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2628
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2628
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2629
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2629
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2630
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2630
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2631
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2631
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2632
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2632
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2633
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2633
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2634
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2634
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2635
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2635
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2636
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2636
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2637
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2637
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2638
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2638
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2639
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2639
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2640
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2640
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2641
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2641
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2642
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2642
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2643
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2643
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2644
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2644
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2645
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2645
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2646
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2646
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2647
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2647
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2648
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2648
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2649
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2649
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2650
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2650
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2651
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2651
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2652
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2652
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2653
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2653
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2654
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2654
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2655
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2655
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2656
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2656
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2657
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2657
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2658
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2658
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2659
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2659
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2660
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2660
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2661
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2661
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2662
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2662
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2663
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2663
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2664
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2664
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2665
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2665
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2666
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2666
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2667
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2667
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2668
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2668
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2669
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2669
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2670
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2670
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2671
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2671
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2672
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2672
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2673
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2673
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2674
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2674
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2675
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2675
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2676
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2676
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2677
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2677
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2678
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2678
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2679
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2679
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2680
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2680
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2681
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2681
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2682
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2682
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2683
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2683
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2684
Read: a from pipe: 2684
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2685
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2685
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2686
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2686
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2687
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2687
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2688
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2688
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2689
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2689
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2690
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2690
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2691
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2691
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2692
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2692
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2693
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2693
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2694
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2694
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2695
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2695
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2696
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2696
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2697
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2697
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2698
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2698
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2699
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2699
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2700
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2700
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2701
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2701
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2702
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2702
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2703
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2703
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2704
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2704
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2705
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2705
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2706
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2706
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2707
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2707
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2708
Read: a from pipe: 2708
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2709
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2709
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2710
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2710
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2711
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2711
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2712
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2712
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2713
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2713
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2714
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2714
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2715
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2715
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2716
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2716
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2717
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2717
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2718
Read: a from pipe: 2718
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2719
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2719
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2720
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2720
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2721
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2721
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2722
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2722
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2723
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2723
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2724
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2724
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2725
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2725
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2726
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2726
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2727
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2727
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2728
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2728
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2729
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2729
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2730
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2730
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2731
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2731
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2732
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2732
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2733
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2733
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2734
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2734
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2735
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2735
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2736
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2736
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2737
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2737
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2738
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2738
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2739
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2739
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2740
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2740
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2741
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2741
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2742
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2742
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2743
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2743
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2744
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2744
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2745
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2745
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2746
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2746
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2747
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2747
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2748
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2748
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2749
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2749
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2750
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2750
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2751
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2751
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2752
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2752
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2753
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2753
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2754
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2754
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2755
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2755
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2756
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2756
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2757
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2757
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2758
Read: a from pipe: 2758
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2759
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2759
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2760
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2760
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2761
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2761
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2762
Read: a from pipe: 2762
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2763
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2763
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2764
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2764
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2765
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2765
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2766
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2766
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2767
Read: a from pipe: 2767
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2768
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2768
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2769
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2769
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2770
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2770
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2771
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2771
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2772
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2772
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2773
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2773
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2774
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2774
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2775
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2775
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2776
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2776
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2777
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2777
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2778
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2778
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2779
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2779
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2780
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2780
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2781
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2781
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2782
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2782
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2783
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2783
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2784
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2784
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2785
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2785
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2786
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2786
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2787
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2787
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2788
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2788
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2789
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2789
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2790
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2790
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2791
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2791
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2792
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2792
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2793
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2793
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2794
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2794
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2795
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2795
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2796
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2796
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2797
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2797
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2798
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2798
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2799
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2799
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2800
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2800
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2801
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2801
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2802
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2802
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2803
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2803
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2804
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2804
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2805
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2805
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2806
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2806
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2807
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2807
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2808
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2808
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2809
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2809
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2810
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2810
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2811
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2811
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2812
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2812
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2813
Read: a from pipe: 2813
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2814
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2814
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2815
Read: a from pipe: 2815
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2816
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2816
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2817
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2817
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2818
Read: a from pipe: 2818
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2819
Read: a from pipe: 2819
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2820
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2820
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2821
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2821
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2822
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2822
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2823
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2823
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2824
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2824
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2825
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2825
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2826
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2826
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2827
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2827
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2828
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2828
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2829
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2829
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2830
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2830
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2831
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2831
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2832
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2832
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2833
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2833
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2834
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2834
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2835
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2835
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2836
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2836
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2837
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2837
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2838
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2838
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2839
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2839
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2840
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2840
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2841
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2841
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2842
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2842
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2843
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2843
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2844
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2844
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2845
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2845
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2846
Read: a from pipe: 2846
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2847
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2847
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2848
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2848
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2849
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2849
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2850
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2850
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2851
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2851
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2852
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2852
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2853
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2853
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2854
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2854
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2855
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2855
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2856
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2856
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2857
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2857
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2858
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2858
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2859
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2859
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2860
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2860
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2861
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2861
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2862
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2862
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2863
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2863
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2864
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2864
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2865
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2865
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2866
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2866
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2867
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2867
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2868
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2868
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2869
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2869
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2870
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2870
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2871
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2871
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2872
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2872
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2873
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2873
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2874
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2874
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2875
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2875
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2876
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2876
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2877
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2877
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2878
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2878
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2879
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2879
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2880
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2880
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2881
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2881
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2882
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2882
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2883
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2883
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2884
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2884
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2885
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2885
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2886
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2886
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2887
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2887
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2888
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2888
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2889
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2889
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2890
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2890
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2891
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2891
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2892
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2892
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2893
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2893
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2894
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2894
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2895
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2895
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2896
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2896
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2897
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2897
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2898
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2898
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2899
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2899
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2900
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2900
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2901
Read: a from pipe: 2901
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2902
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2902
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2903
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2903
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2904
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2904
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2905
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2905
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2906
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2906
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2907
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2907
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2908
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2908
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2909
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2909
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2910
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2910
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2911
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2911
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2912
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2912
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2913
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2913
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2914
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2914
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2915
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2915
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2916
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2916
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2917
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2917
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2918
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2918
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2919
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2919
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2920
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2920
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2921
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2921
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2922
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2922
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2923
Read: a from pipe: 2923
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2924
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2924
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2925
Read: a from pipe: 2925
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2926
Read: a from pipe: 2926
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2927
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2927
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2928
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2928
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2929
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2929
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2930
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2930
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2931
Read: a from pipe: 2931
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2932
Read: a from pipe: 2932
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2933
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2933
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2934
Read: a from pipe: 2934
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2935
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2935
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2936
Read: a from pipe: 2936
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2937
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2937
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2938
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2938
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2939
Read: a from pipe: 2939
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2940
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2940
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2941
Read: a from pipe: 2941
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2942
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2942
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2943
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2943
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2944
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2944
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2945
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2945
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2946
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2946
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2947
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2947
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2948
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2948
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2949
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2949
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2950
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2950
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2951
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2951
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2952
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2952
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2953
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2953
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2954
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2954
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2955
Read: a from pipe: 2955
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2956
Read: a from pipe: 2956
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2957
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2957
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2958
Read: a from pipe: 2958
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2959
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2959
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2960
Read: a from pipe: 2960
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2961
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2961
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2962
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2962
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2963
Read: a from pipe: 2963
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2964
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2964
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2965
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2965
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2966
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2966
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2967
Read: a from pipe: 2967
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2968
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2968
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2969
Read: a from pipe: 2969
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2970
Read: a from pipe: 2970
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2971
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2971
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2972
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2972
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2973
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2973
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2974
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2974
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2975
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2975
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2976
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2976
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2977
Read: a from pipe: 2977
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2978
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2978
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2979
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2979
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2980
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2980
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2981
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2981
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2982
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2982
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2983
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2983
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2984
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2984
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2985
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2985
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2986
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2986
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2987
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2987
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2988
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2988
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2989
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2989
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2990
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2990
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2991
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2991
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2992
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2992
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2993
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2993
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2994
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2994
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2995
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2995
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2996
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2996
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2997
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2997
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2998
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2998
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 2999
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 2999
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3000
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3000
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3001
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3001
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3002
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3002
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3003
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3003
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3004
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3004
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3005
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3005
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3006
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3006
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3007
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3007
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3008
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3008
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3009
Read: a from pipe: 3009
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3010
Read: a from pipe: 3010
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3011
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3011
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3012
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3012
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3013
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3013
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3014
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3014
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3015
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3015
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3016
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3016
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3017
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3017
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3018
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3018
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3019
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3019
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3020
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3020
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3021
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3021
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3022
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3022
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3023
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3023
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3024
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3024
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3025
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3025
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3026
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3026
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3027
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3027
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3028
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3028
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3029
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3029
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3030
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3030
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3031
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3031
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3032
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3032
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3033
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3033
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3034
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3034
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3035
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3035
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3036
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3036
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3037
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3037
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3038
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3038
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3039
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3039
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3040
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3040
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3041
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3041
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3042
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3042
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3043
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3043
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3044
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3044
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3045
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3045
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3046
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3046
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3047
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3047
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3048
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3048
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3049
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3049
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3050
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3050
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3051
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3051
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3052
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3052
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3053
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3053
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3054
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3054
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3055
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3055
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3056
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3056
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3057
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3057
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3058
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3058
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3059
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3059
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3060
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3060
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3061
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3061
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3062
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3062
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3063
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3063
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3064
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3064
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3065
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3065
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3066
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3066
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3067
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3067
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3068
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3068
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3069
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3069
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3070
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3070
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3071
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3071
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3072
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3072
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3073
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3073
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3074
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3074
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3075
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3075
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3076
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3076
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3077
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3077
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3078
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3078
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3079
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3079
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3080
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3080
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3081
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3081
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3082
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3082
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3083
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3083
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3084
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3084
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3085
Read: a from pipe: 3085
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3086
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3086
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3087
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3087
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3088
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3088
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3089
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3089
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3090
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3090
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3091
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3091
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3092
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3092
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3093
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3093
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3094
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3094
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3095
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3095
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3096
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3096
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3097
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3097
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3098
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3098
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3099
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3099
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3100
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3100
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3101
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3101
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3102
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3102
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3103
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3103
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3104
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3104
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3105
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3105
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3106
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3106
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3107
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3107
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3108
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3108
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3109
Read: a from pipe: 3109
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3110
Read: a from pipe: 3110
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3111
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3111
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3112
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3112
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3113
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3113
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3114
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3114
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3115
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3115
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3116
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3116
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3117
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3117
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3118
Read: a from pipe: 3118
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3119
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3119
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3120
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3120
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3121
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3121
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3122
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3122
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3123
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3123
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3124
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3124
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3125
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3125
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3126
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3126
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3127
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3127
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3128
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3128
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3129
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3129
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3130
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3130
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3131
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3131
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3132
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3132
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3133
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3133
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3134
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3134
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3135
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3135
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3136
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3136
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3137
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3137
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3138
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3138
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3139
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3139
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3140
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3140
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3141
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3141
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3142
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3142
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3143
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3143
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3144
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3144
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3145
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3145
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3146
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3146
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3147
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3147
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3148
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3148
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3149
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3149
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3150
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3150
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3151
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3151
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3152
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3152
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3153
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3153
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3154
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3154
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3155
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3155
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3156
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3156
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3157
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3157
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3158
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3158
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3159
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3159
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3160
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3160
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3161
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3161
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3162
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3162
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3163
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3163
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3164
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3164
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3165
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3165
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3166
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3166
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3167
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3167
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3168
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3168
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3169
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3169
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3170
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3170
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3171
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3171
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3172
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3172
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3173
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3173
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3174
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3174
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3175
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3175
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3176
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3176
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3177
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3177
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3178
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3178
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3179
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3179
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3180
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3180
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3181
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3181
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3182
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3182
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3183
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3183
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3184
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3184
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3185
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3185
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3186
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3186
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3187
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3187
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3188
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3188
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3189
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3189
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3190
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3190
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3191
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3191
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3192
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3192
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3193
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3193
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3194
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3194
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3195
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3195
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3196
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3196
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3197
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3197
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3198
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3198
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3199
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3199
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3200
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3200
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3201
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3201
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3202
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3202
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3203
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3203
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3204
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3204
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3205
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3205
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3206
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3206
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3207
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3207
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3208
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3208
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3209
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3209
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3210
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3210
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3211
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3211
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3212
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3212
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3213
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3213
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3214
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3214
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3215
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3215
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3216
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3216
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3217
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3217
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3218
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3218
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3219
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3219
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3220
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3220
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3221
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3221
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3222
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3222
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3223
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3223
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3224
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3224
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3225
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3225
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3226
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3226
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3227
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3227
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3228
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3228
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3229
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3229
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3230
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3230
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3231
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3231
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3232
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3232
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3233
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3233
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3234
Read: a from pipe: 3234
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3235
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3235
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3236
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3236
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3237
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3237
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3238
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3238
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3239
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3239
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3240
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3240
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3241
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3241
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3242
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3242
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3243
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3243
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3244
Read: a from pipe: 3244
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3245
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3245
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3246
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3246
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3247
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3247
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3248
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3248
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3249
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3249
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3250
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3250
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3251
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3251
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3252
Read: a from pipe: 3252
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3253
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3253
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3254
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3254
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3255
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3255
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3256
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3256
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3257
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3257
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3258
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3258
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3259
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3259
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3260
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3260
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3261
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3261
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3262
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3262
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3263
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3263
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3264
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3264
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3265
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3265
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3266
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3266
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3267
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3267
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3268
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3268
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3269
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3269
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3270
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3270
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3271
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3271
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3272
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3272
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3273
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3273
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3274
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3274
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3275
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3275
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3276
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3276
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3277
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3277
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3278
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3278
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3279
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3279
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3280
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3280
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3281
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3281
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3282
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3282
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3283
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3283
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3284
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3284
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3285
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3285
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3286
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3286
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3287
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3287
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3288
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3288
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3289
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3289
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3290
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3290
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3291
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3291
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3292
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3292
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3293
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3293
completed read
in cleanup overhead
in initialise_overhead
in benchmark overhead
iterations 1342
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3294
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3294
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3295
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3295
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3296
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3296
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3297
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3297
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3298
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3298
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3299
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3299
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3300
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3300
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3301
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3301
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3302
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3302
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3303
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3303
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3304
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3304
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3305
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3305
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3306
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3306
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3307
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3307
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3308
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3308
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3309
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3309
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3310
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3310
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3311
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3311
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3312
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3312
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3313
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3313
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3314
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3314
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3315
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3315
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3316
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3316
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3317
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3317
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3318
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3318
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3319
Read: a from pipe: 3319
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3320
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3320
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3321
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3321
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3322
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3322
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3323
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3323
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3324
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3324
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3325
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3325
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3326
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3326
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3327
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3327
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3328
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3328
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3329
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3329
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3330
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3330
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3331
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3331
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3332
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3332
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3333
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3333
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3334
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3334
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3335
Read: a from pipe: 3335
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3336
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3336
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3337
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3337
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3338
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3338
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3339
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3339
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3340
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3340
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3341
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3341
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3342
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3342
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3343
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3343
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3344
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3344
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3345
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3345
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3346
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3346
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3347
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3347
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3348
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3348
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3349
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3349
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3350
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3350
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3351
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3351
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3352
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3352
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3353
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3353
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3354
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3354
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3355
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3355
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3356
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3356
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3357
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3357
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3358
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3358
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3359
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3359
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3360
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3360
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3361
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3361
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3362
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3362
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3363
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3363
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3364
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3364
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3365
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3365
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3366
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3366
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3367
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3367
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3368
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3368
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3369
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3369
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3370
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3370
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3371
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3371
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3372
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3372
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3373
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3373
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3374
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3374
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3375
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3375
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3376
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3376
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3377
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3377
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3378
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3378
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3379
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3379
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3380
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3380
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3381
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3381
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3382
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3382
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3383
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3383
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3384
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3384
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3385
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3385
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3386
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3386
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3387
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3387
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3388
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3388
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3389
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3389
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3390
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3390
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3391
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3391
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3392
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3392
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3393
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3393
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3394
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3394
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3395
Read: a from pipe: 3395
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3396
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3396
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3397
Read: a from pipe: 3397
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3398
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3398
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3399
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3399
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3400
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3400
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3401
Read: a from pipe: 3401
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3402
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3402
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3403
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3403
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3404
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3404
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3405
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3405
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3406
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3406
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3407
Read: a from pipe: 3407
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3408
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3408
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3409
Read: a from pipe: 3409
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3410
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3410
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3411
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3411
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3412
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3412
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3413
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3413
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3414
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3414
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3415
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3415
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3416
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3416
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3417
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3417
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3418
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3418
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3419
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3419
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3420
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3420
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3421
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3421
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3422
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3422
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3423
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3423
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3424
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3424
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3425
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3425
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3426
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3426
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3427
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3427
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3428
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3428
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3429
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3429
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3430
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3430
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3431
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3431
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3432
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3432
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3433
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3433
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3434
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3434
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3435
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3435
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3436
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3436
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3437
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3437
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3438
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3438
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3439
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3439
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3440
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3440
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3441
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3441
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3442
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3442
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3443
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3443
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3444
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3444
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3445
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3445
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3446
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3446
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3447
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3447
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3448
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3448
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3449
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3449
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3450
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3450
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3451
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3451
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3452
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3452
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3453
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3453
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3454
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3454
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3455
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3455
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3456
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3456
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3457
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3457
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3458
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3458
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3459
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3459
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3460
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3460
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3461
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3461
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3462
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3462
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3463
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3463
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3464
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3464
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3465
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3465
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3466
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3466
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3467
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3467
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3468
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3468
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3469
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3469
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3470
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3470
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3471
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3471
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3472
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3472
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3473
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3473
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3474
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3474
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3475
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3475
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3476
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3476
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3477
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3477
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3478
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3478
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3479
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3479
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3480
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3480
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3481
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3481
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3482
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3482
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3483
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3483
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3484
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3484
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3485
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3485
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3486
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3486
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3487
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3487
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3488
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3488
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3489
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3489
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3490
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3490
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3491
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3491
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3492
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3492
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3493
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3493
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3494
Read: a from pipe: 3494
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3495
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3495
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3496
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3496
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3497
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3497
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3498
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3498
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3499
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3499
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3500
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3500
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3501
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3501
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3502
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3502
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3503
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3503
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3504
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3504
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3505
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3505
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3506
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3506
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3507
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3507
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3508
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3508
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3509
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3509
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3510
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3510
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3511
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3511
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3512
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3512
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3513
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3513
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3514
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3514
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3515
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3515
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3516
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3516
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3517
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3517
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3518
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3518
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3519
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3519
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3520
Read: a from pipe: 3520
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3521
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3521
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3522
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3522
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3523
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3523
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3524
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3524
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3525
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3525
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3526
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3526
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3527
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3527
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3528
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3528
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3529
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3529
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3530
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3530
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3531
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3531
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3532
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3532
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3533
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3533
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3534
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3534
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3535
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3535
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3536
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3536
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3537
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3537
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3538
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3538
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3539
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3539
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3540
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3540
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3541
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3541
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3542
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3542
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3543
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3543
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3544
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3544
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3545
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3545
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3546
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3546
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3547
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3547
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3548
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3548
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3549
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3549
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3550
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3550
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3551
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3551
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3552
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3552
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3553
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3553
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3554
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3554
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3555
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3555
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3556
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3556
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3557
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3557
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3558
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3558
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3559
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3559
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3560
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3560
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3561
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3561
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3562
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3562
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3563
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3563
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3564
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3564
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3565
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3565
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3566
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3566
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3567
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3567
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3568
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3568
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3569
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3569
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3570
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3570
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3571
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3571
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3572
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3572
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3573
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3573
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3574
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3574
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3575
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3575
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3576
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3576
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3577
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3577
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3578
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3578
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3579
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3579
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3580
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3580
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3581
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3581
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3582
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3582
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3583
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3583
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3584
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3584
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3585
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3585
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3586
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3586
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3587
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3587
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3588
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3588
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3589
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3589
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3590
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3590
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3591
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3591
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3592
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3592
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3593
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3593
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3594
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3594
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3595
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3595
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3596
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3596
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3597
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3597
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3598
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3598
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3599
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3599
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3600
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3600
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3601
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3601
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3602
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3602
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3603
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3603
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3604
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3604
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3605
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3605
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3606
Read: a from pipe: 3606
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3607
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3607
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3608
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3608
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3609
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3609
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3610
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3610
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3611
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3611
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3612
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3612
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3613
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3613
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3614
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3614
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3615
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3615
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3616
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3616
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3617
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3617
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3618
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3618
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3619
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3619
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3620
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3620
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3621
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3621
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3622
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3622
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3623
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3623
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3624
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3624
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3625
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3625
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3626
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3626
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3627
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3627
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3628
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3628
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3629
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3629
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3630
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3630
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3631
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3631
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3632
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3632
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3633
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3633
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3634
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3634
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3635
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3635
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3636
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3636
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3637
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3637
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3638
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3638
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3639
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3639
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3640
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3640
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3641
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3641
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3642
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3642
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3643
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3643
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3644
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3644
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3645
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3645
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3646
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3646
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3647
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3647
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3648
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3648
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3649
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3649
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3650
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3650
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3651
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3651
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3652
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3652
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3653
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3653
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3654
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3654
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3655
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3655
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3656
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3656
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3657
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3657
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3658
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3658
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3659
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3659
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3660
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3660
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3661
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3661
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3662
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3662
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3663
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3663
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3664
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3664
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3665
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3665
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3666
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3666
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3667
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3667
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3668
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3668
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3669
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3669
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3670
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3670
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3671
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3671
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3672
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3672
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3673
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3673
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3674
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3674
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3675
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3675
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3676
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3676
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3677
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3677
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3678
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3678
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3679
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3679
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3680
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3680
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3681
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3681
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3682
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3682
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3683
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3683
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3684
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3684
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3685
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3685
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3686
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3686
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3687
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3687
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3688
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3688
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3689
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3689
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3690
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3690
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3691
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3691
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3692
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3692
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3693
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3693
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3694
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3694
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3695
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3695
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3696
Read: a from pipe: 3696
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3697
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3697
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3698
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3698
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3699
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3699
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3700
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3700
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3701
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3701
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3702
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3702
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3703
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3703
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3704
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3704
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3705
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3705
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3706
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3706
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3707
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3707
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3708
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3708
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3709
Read: a from pipe: 3709
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3710
Read: a from pipe: 3710
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3711
Read: a from pipe: 3711
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3712
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3712
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3713
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3713
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3714
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3714
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3715
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3715
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3716
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3716
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3717
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3717
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3718
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3718
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3719
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3719
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3720
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3720
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3721
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3721
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3722
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3722
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3723
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3723
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3724
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3724
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3725
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3725
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3726
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3726
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3727
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3727
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3728
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3728
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3729
Read: a from pipe: 3729
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3730
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3730
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3731
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3731
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3732
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3732
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3733
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3733
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3734
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3734
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3735
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3735
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3736
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3736
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3737
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3737
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3738
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3738
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3739
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3739
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3740
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3740
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3741
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3741
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3742
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3742
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3743
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3743
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3744
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3744
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3745
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3745
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3746
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3746
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3747
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3747
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3748
Read: a from pipe: 3748
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3749
Read: a from pipe: 3749
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3750
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3750
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3751
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3751
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3752
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3752
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3753
Read: a from pipe: 3753
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3754
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3754
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3755
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3755
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3756
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3756
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3757
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3757
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3758
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3758
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3759
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3759
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3760
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3760
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3761
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3761
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3762
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3762
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3763
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3763
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3764
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3764
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3765
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3765
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3766
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3766
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3767
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3767
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3768
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3768
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3769
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3769
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3770
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3770
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3771
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3771
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3772
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3772
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3773
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3773
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3774
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3774
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3775
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3775
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3776
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3776
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3777
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3777
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3778
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3778
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3779
Read: a from pipe: 3779
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3780
Read: a from pipe: 3780
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3781
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3781
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3782
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3782
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3783
Read: a from pipe: 3783
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3784
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3784
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3785
Read: a from pipe: 3785
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3786
Read: a from pipe: 3786
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3787
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3787
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3788
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3788
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3789
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3789
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3790
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3790
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3791
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3791
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3792
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3792
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3793
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3793
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3794
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3794
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3795
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3795
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3796
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3796
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3797
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3797
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3798
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3798
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3799
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3799
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3800
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3800
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3801
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3801
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3802
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3802
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3803
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3803
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3804
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3804
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3805
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3805
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3806
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3806
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3807
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3807
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3808
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3808
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3809
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3809
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3810
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3810
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3811
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3811
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3812
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3812
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3813
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3813
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3814
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3814
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3815
Read: a from pipe: 3815
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3816
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3816
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3817
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3817
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3818
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3818
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3819
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3819
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3820
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3820
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3821
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3821
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3822
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3822
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3823
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3823
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3824
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3824
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3825
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3825
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3826
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3826
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3827
Read: a from pipe: 3827
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3828
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3828
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3829
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3829
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3830
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3830
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3831
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3831
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3832
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3832
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3833
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3833
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3834
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3834
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3835
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3835
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3836
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3836
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3837
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3837
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3838
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3838
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3839
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3839
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3840
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3840
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3841
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3841
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3842
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3842
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3843
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3843
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3844
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3844
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3845
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3845
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3846
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3846
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3847
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3847
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3848
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3848
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3849
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3849
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3850
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3850
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3851
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3851
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3852
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3852
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3853
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3853
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3854
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3854
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3855
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3855
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3856
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3856
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3857
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3857
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3858
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3858
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3859
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3859
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3860
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3860
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3861
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3861
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3862
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3862
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3863
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3863
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3864
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3864
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3865
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3865
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3866
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3866
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3867
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3867
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3868
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3868
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3869
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3869
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3870
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3870
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3871
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3871
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3872
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3872
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3873
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3873
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3874
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3874
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3875
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3875
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3876
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3876
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3877
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3877
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3878
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3878
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3879
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3879
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3880
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3880
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3881
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3881
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3882
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3882
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3883
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3883
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3884
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3884
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3885
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3885
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3886
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3886
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3887
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3887
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3888
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3888
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3889
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3889
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3890
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3890
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3891
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3891
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3892
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3892
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3893
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3893
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3894
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3894
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3895
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3895
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3896
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3896
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3897
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3897
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3898
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3898
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3899
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3899
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3900
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3900
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3901
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3901
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3902
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3902
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3903
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3903
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3904
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3904
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3905
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3905
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3906
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3906
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3907
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3907
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3908
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3908
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3909
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3909
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3910
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3910
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3911
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3911
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3912
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3912
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3913
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3913
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3914
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3914
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3915
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3915
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3916
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3916
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3917
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3917
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3918
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3918
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3919
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3919
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3920
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3920
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3921
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3921
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3922
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3922
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3923
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3923
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3924
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3924
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3925
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3925
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3926
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3926
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3927
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3927
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3928
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3928
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3929
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3929
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3930
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3930
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3931
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3931
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3932
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3932
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3933
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3933
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3934
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3934
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3935
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3935
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3936
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3936
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3937
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3937
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3938
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3938
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3939
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3939
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3940
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3940
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3941
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3941
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3942
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3942
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3943
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3943
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3944
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3944
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3945
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3945
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3946
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3946
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3947
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3947
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3948
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3948
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3949
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3949
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3950
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3950
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3951
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3951
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3952
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3952
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3953
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3953
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3954
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3954
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3955
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3955
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3956
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3956
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3957
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3957
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3958
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3958
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3959
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3959
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3960
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3960
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3961
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3961
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3962
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3962
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3963
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3963
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3964
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3964
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3965
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3965
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3966
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3966
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3967
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3967
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3968
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3968
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3969
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3969
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3970
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3970
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3971
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3971
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3972
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3972
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3973
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3973
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3974
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3974
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3975
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3975
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3976
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3976
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3977
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3977
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3978
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3978
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3979
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3979
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3980
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3980
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3981
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3981
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3982
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3982
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3983
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3983
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3984
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3984
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3985
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3985
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3986
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3986
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3987
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3987
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3988
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3988
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3989
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3989
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3990
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3990
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3991
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3991
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3992
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3992
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3993
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3993
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3994
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3994
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3995
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3995
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3996
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3996
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3997
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3997
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3998
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3998
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 3999
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 3999
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4000
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4000
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4001
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4001
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4002
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4002
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4003
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4003
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4004
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4004
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4005
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4005
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4006
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4006
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4007
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4007
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4008
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4008
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4009
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4009
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4010
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4010
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4011
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4011
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4012
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4012
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4013
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4013
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4014
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4014
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4015
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4015
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4016
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4016
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4017
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4017
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4018
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4018
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4019
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4019
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4020
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4020
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4021
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4021
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4022
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4022
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4023
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4023
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4024
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4024
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4025
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4025
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4026
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4026
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4027
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4027
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4028
Read: a from pipe: 4028
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4029
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4029
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4030
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4030
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4031
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4031
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4032
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4032
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4033
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4033
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4034
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4034
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4035
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4035
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4036
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4036
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4037
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4037
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4038
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4038
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4039
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4039
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4040
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4040
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4041
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4041
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4042
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4042
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4043
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4043
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4044
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4044
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4045
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4045
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4046
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4046
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4047
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4047
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4048
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4048
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4049
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4049
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4050
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4050
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4051
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4051
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4052
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4052
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4053
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4053
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4054
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4054
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4055
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4055
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4056
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4056
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4057
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4057
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4058
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4058
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4059
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4059
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4060
Read: a from pipe: 4060
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4061
Read: a from pipe: 4061
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4062
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4062
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4063
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4063
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4064
Read: a from pipe: 4064
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4065
Read: a from pipe: 4065
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4066
Read: a from pipe: 4066
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4067
Read: a from pipe: 4067
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4068
Read: a from pipe: 4068
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4069
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4069
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4070
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4070
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4071
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4071
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4072
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4072
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4073
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4073
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4074
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4074
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4075
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4075
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4076
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4076
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4077
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4077
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4078
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4078
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4079
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4079
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4080
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4080
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4081
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4081
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4082
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4082
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4083
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4083
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4084
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4084
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4085
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4085
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4086
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4086
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4087
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4087
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4088
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4088
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4089
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4089
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4090
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4090
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4091
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4091
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4092
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4092
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4093
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4093
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4094
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4094
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4095
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4095
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4096
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4096
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4097
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4097
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4098
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4098
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4099
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4099
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4100
Read: a from pipe: 4100
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4101
Read: a from pipe: 4101
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4102
Read: a from pipe: 4102
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4103
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4103
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4104
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4104
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4105
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4105
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4106
Read: a from pipe: 4106
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4107
Read: a from pipe: 4107
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4108
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4108
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4109
Read: a from pipe: 4109
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4110
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4110
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4111
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4111
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4112
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4112
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4113
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4113
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4114
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4114
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4115
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4115
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4116
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4116
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4117
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4117
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4118
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4118
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4119
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4119
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4120
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4120
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4121
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4121
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4122
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4122
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4123
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4123
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4124
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4124
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4125
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4125
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4126
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4126
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4127
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4127
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4128
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4128
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4129
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4129
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4130
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4130
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4131
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4131
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4132
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4132
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4133
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4133
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4134
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4134
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4135
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4135
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4136
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4136
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4137
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4137
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4138
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4138
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4139
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4139
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4140
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4140
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4141
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4141
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4142
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4142
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4143
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4143
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4144
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4144
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4145
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4145
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4146
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4146
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4147
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4147
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4148
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4148
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4149
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4149
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4150
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4150
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4151
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4151
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4152
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4152
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4153
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4153
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4154
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4154
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4155
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4155
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4156
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4156
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4157
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4157
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4158
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4158
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4159
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4159
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4160
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4160
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4161
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4161
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4162
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4162
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4163
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4163
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4164
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4164
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4165
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4165
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4166
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4166
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4167
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4167
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4168
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4168
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4169
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4169
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4170
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4170
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4171
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4171
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4172
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4172
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4173
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4173
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4174
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4174
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4175
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4175
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4176
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4176
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4177
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4177
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4178
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4178
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4179
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4179
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4180
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4180
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4181
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4181
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4182
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4182
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4183
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4183
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4184
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4184
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4185
Read: a from pipe: 4185
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4186
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4186
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4187
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4187
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4188
Read: a from pipe: 4188
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4189
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4189
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4190
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4190
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4191
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4191
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4192
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4192
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4193
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4193
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4194
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4194
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4195
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4195
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4196
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4196
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4197
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4197
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4198
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4198
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4199
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4199
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4200
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4200
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4201
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4201
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4202
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4202
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4203
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4203
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4204
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4204
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4205
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4205
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4206
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4206
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4207
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4207
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4208
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4208
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4209
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4209
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4210
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4210
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4211
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4211
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4212
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4212
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4213
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4213
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4214
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4214
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4215
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4215
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4216
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4216
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4217
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4217
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4218
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4218
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4219
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4219
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4220
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4220
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4221
Read: a from pipe: 4221
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4222
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4222
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4223
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4223
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4224
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4224
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4225
Read: a from pipe: 4225
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4226
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4226
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4227
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4227
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4228
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4228
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4229
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4229
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4230
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4230
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4231
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4231
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4232
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4232
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4233
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4233
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4234
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4234
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4235
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4235
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4236
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4236
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4237
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4237
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4238
completed write
i=0
Read: a from pipe: 4238
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4239
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4239
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4240
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4240
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4241
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4241
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4242
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4242
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4243
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4243
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4244
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4244
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4245
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4245
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4246
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4246
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4247
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4247
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4248
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4248
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4249
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4249
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4250
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4250
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4251
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4251
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4252
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4252
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4253
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4253
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4254
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4254
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4255
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4255
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4256
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4256
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4257
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4257
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4258
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4258
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4259
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4259
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4260
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4260
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4261
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4261
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4262
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4262
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4263
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4263
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4264
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4264
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4265
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4265
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4266
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4266
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4267
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4267
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4268
Read: a from pipe: 4268
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4269
Read: a from pipe: 4269
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4270
Read: a from pipe: 4270
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4271
Read: a from pipe: 4271
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4272
Read: a from pipe: 4272
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4273
Read: a from pipe: 4273
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4274
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4274
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4275
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4275
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4276
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4276
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4277
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4277
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4278
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4278
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4279
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4279
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4280
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4280
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4281
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4281
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4282
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4282
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4283
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4283
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4284
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4284
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4285
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4285
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4286
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4286
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4287
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4287
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4288
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4288
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4289
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4289
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4290
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4290
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4291
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4291
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4292
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4292
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4293
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4293
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4294
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4294
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4295
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4295
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4296
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4296
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4297
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4297
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4298
Read: a from pipe: 4298
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4299
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4299
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4300
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4300
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4301
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4301
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4302
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4302
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4303
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4303
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4304
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4304
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4305
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4305
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4306
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4306
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4307
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4307
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4308
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4308
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4309
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4309
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4310
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4310
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4311
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4311
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4312
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4312
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4313
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4313
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4314
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4314
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4315
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4315
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4316
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4316
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4317
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4317
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4318
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4318
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4319
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4319
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4320
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4320
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4321
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4321
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4322
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4322
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4323
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4323
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4324
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4324
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4325
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4325
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4326
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4326
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4327
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4327
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4328
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4328
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4329
Read: a from pipe: 4329
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4330
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4330
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4331
Read: a from pipe: 4331
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4332
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4332
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4333
Read: a from pipe: 4333
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4334
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4334
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4335
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4335
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4336
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4336
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4337
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4337
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4338
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4338
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4339
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4339
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4340
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4340
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4341
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4341
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4342
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4342
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4343
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4343
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4344
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4344
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4345
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4345
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4346
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4346
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4347
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4347
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4348
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4348
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4349
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4349
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4350
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4350
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4351
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4351
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4352
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4352
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4353
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4353
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4354
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4354
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4355
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4355
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4356
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4356
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4357
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4357
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4358
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4358
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4359
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4359
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4360
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4360
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4361
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4361
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4362
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4362
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4363
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4363
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4364
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4364
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4365
Read: a from pipe: 4365
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4366
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4366
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4367
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4367
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4368
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4368
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4369
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4369
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4370
Read: a from pipe: 4370
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4371
Read: a from pipe: 4371
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4372
Read: a from pipe: 4372
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4373
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4373
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4374
Read: a from pipe: 4374
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4375
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4375
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4376
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4376
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4377
Read: a from pipe: 4377
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4378
Read: a from pipe: 4378
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4379
Read: a from pipe: 4379
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4380
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4380
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4381
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4381
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4382
Read: a from pipe: 4382
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4383
Read: a from pipe: 4383
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4384
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4384
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4385
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4385
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4386
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4386
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4387
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4387
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4388
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4388
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4389
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4389
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4390
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4390
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4391
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4391
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4392
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4392
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4393
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4393
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4394
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4394
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4395
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4395
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4396
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4396
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4397
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4397
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4398
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4398
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4399
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4399
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4400
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4400
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4401
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4401
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4402
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4402
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4403
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4403
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4404
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4404
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4405
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4405
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4406
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4406
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4407
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4407
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4408
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4408
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4409
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4409
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4410
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4410
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4411
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4411
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4412
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4412
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4413
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4413
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4414
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4414
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4415
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4415
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4416
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4416
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4417
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4417
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4418
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4418
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4419
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4419
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4420
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4420
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4421
Read: a from pipe: 4421
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4422
Read: a from pipe: 4422
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4423
Read: a from pipe: 4423
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4424
Read: a from pipe: 4424
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4425
Read: a from pipe: 4425
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4426
Read: a from pipe: 4426
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4427
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4427
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4428
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4428
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4429
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4429
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4430
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4430
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4431
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4431
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4432
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4432
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4433
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4433
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4434
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4434
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4435
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4435
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4436
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4436
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4437
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4437
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4438
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4438
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4439
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4439
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4440
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4440
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4441
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4441
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4442
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4442
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4443
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4443
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4444
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4444
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4445
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4445
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4446
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4446
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4447
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4447
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4448
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4448
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4449
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4449
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4450
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4450
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4451
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4451
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4452
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4452
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4453
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4453
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4454
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4454
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4455
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4455
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4456
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4456
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4457
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4457
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4458
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4458
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4459
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4459
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4460
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4460
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4461
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4461
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4462
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4462
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4463
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4463
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4464
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4464
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4465
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4465
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4466
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4466
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4467
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4467
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4468
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4468
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4469
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4469
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4470
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4470
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4471
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4471
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4472
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4472
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4473
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4473
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4474
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4474
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4475
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4475
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4476
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4476
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4477
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4477
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4478
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4478
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4479
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4479
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4480
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4480
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4481
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4481
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4482
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4482
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4483
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4483
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4484
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4484
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4485
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4485
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4486
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4486
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4487
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4487
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4488
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4488
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4489
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4489
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4490
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4490
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4491
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4491
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4492
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4492
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4493
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4493
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4494
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4494
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4495
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4495
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4496
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4496
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4497
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4497
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4498
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4498
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4499
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4499
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4500
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4500
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4501
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4501
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4502
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4502
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4503
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4503
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4504
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4504
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4505
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4505
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4506
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4506
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4507
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4507
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4508
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4508
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4509
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4509
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4510
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4510
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4511
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4511
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4512
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4512
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4513
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4513
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4514
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4514
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4515
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4515
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4516
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4516
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4517
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4517
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4518
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4518
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4519
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4519
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4520
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4520
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4521
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4521
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4522
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4522
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4523
Read: a from pipe: 4523
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4524
Read: a from pipe: 4524
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4525
Read: a from pipe: 4525
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4526
Read: a from pipe: 4526
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4527
Read: a from pipe: 4527
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4528
Read: a from pipe: 4528
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4529
Read: a from pipe: 4529
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4530
Read: a from pipe: 4530
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4531
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4531
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4532
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4532
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4533
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4533
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4534
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4534
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4535
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4535
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4536
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4536
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4537
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4537
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4538
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4538
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4539
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4539
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4540
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4540
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4541
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4541
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4542
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4542
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4543
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4543
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4544
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4544
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4545
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4545
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4546
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4546
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4547
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4547
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4548
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4548
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4549
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4549
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4550
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4550
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4551
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4551
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4552
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4552
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4553
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4553
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4554
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4554
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4555
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4555
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4556
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4556
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4557
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4557
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4558
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4558
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4559
Read: a from pipe: 4559
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4560
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4560
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4561
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4561
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4562
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4562
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4563
Read: a from pipe: 4563
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4564
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4564
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4565
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4565
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4566
Read: a from pipe: 4566
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4567
Read: a from pipe: 4567
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4568
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4568
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4569
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4569
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4570
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4570
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4571
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4571
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4572
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4572
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4573
Read: a from pipe: 4573
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4574
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4574
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4575
Read: a from pipe: 4575
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4576
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4576
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4577
Read: a from pipe: 4577
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4578
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4578
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4579
Read: a from pipe: 4579
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4580
Read: a from pipe: 4580
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4581
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4581
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4582
Read: a from pipe: 4582
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4583
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4583
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4584
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4584
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4585
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4585
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4586
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4586
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4587
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4587
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4588
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4588
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4589
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4589
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4590
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4590
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4591
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4591
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4592
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4592
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4593
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4593
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4594
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4594
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4595
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4595
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4596
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4596
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4597
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4597
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4598
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4598
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4599
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4599
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4600
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4600
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4601
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4601
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4602
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4602
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4603
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4603
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4604
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4604
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4605
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4605
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4606
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4606
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4607
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4607
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4608
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4608
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4609
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4609
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4610
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4610
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4611
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4611
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4612
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4612
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4613
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4613
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4614
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4614
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4615
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4615
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4616
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4616
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4617
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4617
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4618
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4618
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4619
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4619
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4620
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4620
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4621
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4621
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4622
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4622
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4623
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4623
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4624
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4624
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4625
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4625
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4626
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4626
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4627
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4627
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4628
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4628
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4629
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4629
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4630
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4630
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4631
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4631
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4632
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4632
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4633
Read: a from pipe: 4633
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4634
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4634
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4635
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4635
completed read
in cleanup overhead
in initialise_overhead
in benchmark overhead
iterations 1342
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4636
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4636
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4637
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4637
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4638
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4638
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4639
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4639
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4640
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4640
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4641
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4641
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4642
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4642
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4643
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4643
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4644
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4644
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4645
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4645
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4646
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4646
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4647
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4647
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4648
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4648
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4649
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4649
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4650
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4650
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4651
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4651
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4652
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4652
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4653
Read: a from pipe: 4653
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4654
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4654
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4655
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4655
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4656
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4656
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4657
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4657
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4658
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4658
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4659
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4659
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4660
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4660
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4661
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4661
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4662
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4662
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4663
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4663
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4664
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4664
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4665
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4665
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4666
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4666
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4667
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4667
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4668
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4668
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4669
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4669
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4670
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4670
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4671
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4671
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4672
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4672
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4673
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4673
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4674
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4674
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4675
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4675
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4676
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4676
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4677
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4677
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4678
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4678
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4679
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4679
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4680
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4680
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4681
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4681
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4682
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4682
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4683
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4683
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4684
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4684
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4685
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4685
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4686
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4686
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4687
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4687
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4688
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4688
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4689
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4689
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4690
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4690
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4691
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4691
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4692
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4692
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4693
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4693
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4694
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4694
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4695
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4695
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4696
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4696
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4697
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4697
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4698
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4698
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4699
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4699
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4700
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4700
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4701
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4701
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4702
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4702
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4703
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4703
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4704
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4704
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4705
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4705
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4706
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4706
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4707
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4707
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4708
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4708
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4709
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4709
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4710
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4710
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4711
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4711
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4712
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4712
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4713
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4713
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4714
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4714
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4715
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4715
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4716
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4716
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4717
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4717
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4718
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4718
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4719
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4719
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4720
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4720
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4721
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4721
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4722
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4722
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4723
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4723
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4724
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4724
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4725
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4725
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4726
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4726
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4727
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4727
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4728
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4728
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4729
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4729
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4730
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4730
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4731
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4731
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4732
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4732
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4733
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4733
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4734
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4734
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4735
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4735
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4736
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4736
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4737
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4737
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4738
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4738
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4739
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4739
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4740
Read: a from pipe: 4740
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4741
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4741
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4742
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4742
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4743
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4743
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4744
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4744
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4745
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4745
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4746
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4746
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4747
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4747
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4748
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4748
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4749
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4749
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4750
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4750
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4751
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4751
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4752
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4752
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4753
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4753
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4754
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4754
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4755
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4755
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4756
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4756
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4757
Read: a from pipe: 4757
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4758
Read: a from pipe: 4758
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4759
Read: a from pipe: 4759
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4760
Read: a from pipe: 4760
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4761
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4761
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4762
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4762
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4763
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4763
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4764
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4764
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4765
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4765
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4766
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4766
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4767
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4767
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4768
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4768
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4769
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4769
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4770
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4770
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4771
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4771
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4772
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4772
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4773
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4773
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4774
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4774
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4775
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4775
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4776
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4776
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4777
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4777
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4778
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4778
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4779
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4779
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4780
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4780
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4781
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4781
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4782
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4782
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4783
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4783
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4784
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4784
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4785
Read: a from pipe: 4785
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4786
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4786
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4787
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4787
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4788
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4788
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4789
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4789
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4790
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4790
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4791
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4791
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4792
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4792
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4793
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4793
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4794
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4794
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4795
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4795
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4796
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4796
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4797
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4797
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4798
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4798
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4799
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4799
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4800
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4800
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4801
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4801
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4802
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4802
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4803
Read: a from pipe: 4803
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4804
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4804
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4805
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4805
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4806
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4806
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4807
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4807
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4808
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4808
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4809
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4809
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4810
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4810
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4811
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4811
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4812
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4812
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4813
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4813
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4814
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4814
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4815
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4815
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4816
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4816
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4817
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4817
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4818
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4818
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4819
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4819
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4820
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4820
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4821
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4821
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4822
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4822
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4823
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4823
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4824
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4824
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4825
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4825
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4826
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4826
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4827
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4827
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4828
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4828
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4829
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4829
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4830
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4830
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4831
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4831
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4832
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4832
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4833
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4833
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4834
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4834
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4835
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4835
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4836
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4836
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4837
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4837
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4838
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4838
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4839
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4839
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4840
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4840
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4841
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4841
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4842
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4842
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4843
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4843
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4844
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4844
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4845
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4845
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4846
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4846
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4847
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4847
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4848
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4848
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4849
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4849
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4850
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4850
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4851
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4851
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4852
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4852
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4853
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4853
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4854
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4854
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4855
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4855
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4856
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4856
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4857
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4857
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4858
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4858
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4859
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4859
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4860
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4860
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4861
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4861
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4862
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4862
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4863
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4863
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4864
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4864
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4865
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4865
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4866
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4866
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4867
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4867
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4868
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4868
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4869
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4869
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4870
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4870
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4871
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4871
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4872
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4872
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4873
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4873
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4874
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4874
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4875
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4875
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4876
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4876
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4877
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4877
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4878
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4878
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4879
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4879
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4880
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4880
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4881
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4881
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4882
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4882
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4883
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4883
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4884
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4884
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4885
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4885
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4886
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4886
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4887
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4887
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4888
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4888
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4889
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4889
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4890
Read: a from pipe: 4890
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4891
Read: a from pipe: 4891
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4892
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4892
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4893
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4893
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4894
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4894
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4895
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4895
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4896
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4896
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4897
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4897
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4898
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4898
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4899
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4899
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4900
Read: a from pipe: 4900
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4901
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4901
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4902
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4902
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4903
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4903
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4904
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4904
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4905
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4905
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4906
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4906
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4907
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4907
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4908
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4908
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4909
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4909
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4910
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4910
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4911
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4911
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4912
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4912
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4913
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4913
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4914
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4914
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4915
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4915
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4916
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4916
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4917
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4917
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4918
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4918
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4919
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4919
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4920
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4920
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4921
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4921
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4922
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4922
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4923
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4923
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4924
Read: a from pipe: 4924
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4925
Read: a from pipe: 4925
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4926
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4926
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4927
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4927
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4928
Read: a from pipe: 4928
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4929
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4929
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4930
Read: a from pipe: 4930
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4931
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4931
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4932
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4932
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4933
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4933
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4934
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4934
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4935
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4935
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4936
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4936
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4937
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4937
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4938
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4938
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4939
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4939
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4940
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4940
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4941
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4941
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4942
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4942
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4943
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4943
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4944
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4944
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4945
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4945
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4946
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4946
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4947
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4947
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4948
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4948
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4949
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4949
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4950
Read: a from pipe: 4950
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4951
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4951
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4952
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4952
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4953
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4953
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4954
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4954
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4955
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4955
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4956
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4956
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4957
Read: a from pipe: 4957
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4958
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4958
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4959
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4959
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4960
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4960
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4961
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4961
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4962
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4962
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4963
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4963
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4964
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4964
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4965
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4965
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4966
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4966
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4967
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4967
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4968
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4968
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4969
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4969
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4970
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4970
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4971
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4971
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4972
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4972
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4973
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4973
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4974
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4974
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4975
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4975
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4976
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4976
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4977
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4977
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4978
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4978
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4979
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4979
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4980
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4980
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4981
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4981
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4982
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4982
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4983
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4983
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4984
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4984
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4985
Read: a from pipe: 4985
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4986
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4986
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4987
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4987
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4988
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4988
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4989
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4989
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4990
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4990
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4991
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4991
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4992
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4992
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4993
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4993
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4994
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4994
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4995
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4995
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4996
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4996
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4997
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4997
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4998
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4998
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 4999
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 4999
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5000
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5000
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5001
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5001
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5002
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5002
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5003
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5003
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5004
Read: a from pipe: 5004
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5005
Read: a from pipe: 5005
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5006
Read: a from pipe: 5006
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5007
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5007
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5008
Read: a from pipe: 5008
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5009
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5009
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5010
Read: a from pipe: 5010
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5011
Read: a from pipe: 5011
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5012
Read: a from pipe: 5012
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5013
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5013
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5014
Read: a from pipe: 5014
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5015
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5015
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5016
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5016
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5017
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5017
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5018
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5018
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5019
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5019
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5020
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5020
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5021
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5021
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5022
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5022
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5023
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5023
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5024
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5024
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5025
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5025
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5026
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5026
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5027
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5027
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5028
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5028
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5029
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5029
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5030
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5030
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5031
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5031
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5032
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5032
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5033
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5033
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5034
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5034
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5035
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5035
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5036
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5036
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5037
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5037
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5038
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5038
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5039
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5039
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5040
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5040
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5041
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5041
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5042
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5042
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5043
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5043
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5044
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5044
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5045
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5045
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5046
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5046
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5047
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5047
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5048
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5048
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5049
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5049
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5050
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5050
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5051
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5051
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5052
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5052
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5053
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5053
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5054
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5054
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5055
Read: a from pipe: 5055
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5056
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5056
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5057
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5057
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5058
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5058
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5059
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5059
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5060
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5060
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5061
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5061
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5062
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5062
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5063
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5063
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5064
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5064
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5065
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5065
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5066
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5066
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5067
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5067
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5068
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5068
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5069
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5069
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5070
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5070
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5071
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5071
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5072
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5072
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5073
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5073
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5074
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5074
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5075
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5075
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5076
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5076
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5077
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5077
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5078
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5078
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5079
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5079
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5080
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5080
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5081
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5081
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5082
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5082
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5083
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5083
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5084
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5084
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5085
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5085
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5086
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5086
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5087
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5087
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5088
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5088
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5089
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5089
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5090
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5090
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5091
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5091
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5092
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5092
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5093
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5093
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5094
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5094
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5095
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5095
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5096
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5096
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5097
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5097
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5098
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5098
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5099
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5099
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5100
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5100
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5101
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5101
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5102
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5102
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5103
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5103
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5104
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5104
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5105
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5105
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5106
Read: a from pipe: 5106
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5107
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5107
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5108
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5108
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5109
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5109
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5110
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5110
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5111
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5111
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5112
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5112
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5113
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5113
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5114
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5114
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5115
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5115
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5116
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5116
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5117
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5117
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5118
Read: a from pipe: 5118
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5119
Read: a from pipe: 5119
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5120
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5120
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5121
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5121
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5122
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5122
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5123
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5123
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5124
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5124
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5125
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5125
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5126
Read: a from pipe: 5126
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5127
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5127
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5128
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5128
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5129
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5129
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5130
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5130
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5131
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5131
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5132
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5132
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5133
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5133
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5134
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5134
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5135
Read: a from pipe: 5135
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5136
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5136
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5137
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5137
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5138
Read: a from pipe: 5138
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5139
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5139
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5140
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5140
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5141
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5141
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5142
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5142
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5143
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5143
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5144
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5144
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5145
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5145
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5146
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5146
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5147
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5147
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5148
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5148
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5149
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5149
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5150
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5150
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5151
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5151
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5152
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5152
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5153
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5153
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5154
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5154
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5155
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5155
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5156
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5156
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5157
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5157
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5158
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5158
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5159
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5159
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5160
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5160
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5161
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5161
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5162
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5162
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5163
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5163
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5164
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5164
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5165
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5165
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5166
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5166
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5167
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5167
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5168
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5168
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5169
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5169
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5170
Read: a from pipe: 5170
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5171
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5171
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5172
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5172
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5173
Read: a from pipe: 5173
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5174
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5174
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5175
Read: a from pipe: 5175
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5176
Read: a from pipe: 5176
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5177
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5177
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5178
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5178
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5179
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5179
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5180
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5180
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5181
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5181
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5182
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5182
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5183
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5183
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5184
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5184
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5185
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5185
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5186
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5186
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5187
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5187
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5188
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5188
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5189
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5189
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5190
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5190
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5191
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5191
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5192
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5192
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5193
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5193
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5194
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5194
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5195
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5195
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5196
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5196
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5197
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5197
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5198
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5198
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5199
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5199
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5200
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5200
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5201
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5201
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5202
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5202
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5203
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5203
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5204
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5204
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5205
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5205
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5206
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5206
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5207
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5207
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5208
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5208
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5209
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5209
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5210
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5210
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5211
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5211
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5212
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5212
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5213
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5213
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5214
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5214
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5215
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5215
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5216
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5216
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5217
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5217
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5218
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5218
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5219
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5219
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5220
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5220
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5221
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5221
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5222
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5222
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5223
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5223
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5224
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5224
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5225
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5225
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5226
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5226
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5227
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5227
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5228
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5228
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5229
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5229
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5230
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5230
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5231
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5231
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5232
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5232
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5233
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5233
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5234
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5234
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5235
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5235
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5236
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5236
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5237
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5237
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5238
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5238
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5239
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5239
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5240
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5240
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5241
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5241
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5242
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5242
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5243
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5243
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5244
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5244
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5245
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5245
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5246
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5246
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5247
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5247
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5248
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5248
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5249
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5249
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5250
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5250
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5251
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5251
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5252
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5252
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5253
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5253
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5254
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5254
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5255
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5255
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5256
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5256
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5257
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5257
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5258
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5258
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5259
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5259
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5260
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5260
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5261
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5261
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5262
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5262
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5263
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5263
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5264
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5264
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5265
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5265
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5266
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5266
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5267
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5267
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5268
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5268
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5269
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5269
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5270
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5270
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5271
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5271
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5272
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5272
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5273
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5273
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5274
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5274
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5275
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5275
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5276
Read: a from pipe: 5276
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5277
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5277
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5278
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5278
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5279
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5279
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5280
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5280
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5281
Read: a from pipe: 5281
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5282
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5282
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5283
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5283
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5284
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5284
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5285
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5285
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5286
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5286
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5287
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5287
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5288
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5288
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5289
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5289
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5290
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5290
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5291
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5291
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5292
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5292
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5293
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5293
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5294
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5294
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5295
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5295
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5296
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5296
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5297
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5297
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5298
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5298
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5299
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5299
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5300
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5300
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5301
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5301
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5302
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5302
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5303
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5303
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5304
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5304
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5305
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5305
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5306
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5306
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5307
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5307
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5308
Read: a from pipe: 5308
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5309
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5309
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5310
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5310
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5311
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5311
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5312
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5312
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5313
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5313
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5314
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5314
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5315
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5315
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5316
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5316
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5317
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5317
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5318
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5318
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5319
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5319
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5320
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5320
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5321
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5321
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5322
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5322
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5323
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5323
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5324
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5324
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5325
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5325
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5326
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5326
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5327
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5327
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5328
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5328
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5329
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5329
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5330
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5330
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5331
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5331
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5332
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5332
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5333
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5333
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5334
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5334
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5335
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5335
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5336
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5336
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5337
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5337
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5338
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5338
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5339
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5339
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5340
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5340
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5341
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5341
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5342
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5342
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5343
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5343
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5344
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5344
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5345
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5345
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5346
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5346
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5347
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5347
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5348
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5348
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5349
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5349
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5350
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5350
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5351
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5351
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5352
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5352
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5353
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5353
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5354
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5354
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5355
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5355
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5356
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5356
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5357
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5357
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5358
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5358
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5359
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5359
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5360
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5360
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5361
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5361
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5362
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5362
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5363
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5363
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5364
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5364
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5365
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5365
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5366
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5366
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5367
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5367
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5368
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5368
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5369
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5369
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5370
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5370
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5371
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5371
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5372
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5372
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5373
Read: a from pipe: 5373
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5374
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5374
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5375
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5375
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5376
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5376
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5377
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5377
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5378
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5378
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5379
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5379
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5380
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5380
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5381
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5381
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5382
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5382
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5383
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5383
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5384
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5384
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5385
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5385
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5386
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5386
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5387
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5387
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5388
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5388
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5389
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5389
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5390
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5390
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5391
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5391
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5392
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5392
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5393
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5393
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5394
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5394
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5395
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5395
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5396
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5396
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5397
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5397
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5398
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5398
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5399
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5399
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5400
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5400
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5401
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5401
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5402
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5402
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5403
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5403
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5404
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5404
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5405
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5405
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5406
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5406
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5407
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5407
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5408
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5408
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5409
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5409
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5410
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5410
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5411
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5411
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5412
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5412
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5413
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5413
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5414
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5414
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5415
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5415
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5416
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5416
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5417
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5417
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5418
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5418
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5419
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5419
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5420
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5420
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5421
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5421
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5422
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5422
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5423
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5423
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5424
Read: a from pipe: 5424
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5425
Read: a from pipe: 5425
completed write
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5426
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5426
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5427
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5427
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5428
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5428
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5429
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5429
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5430
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5430
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5431
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5431
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5432
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5432
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5433
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5433
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5434
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5434
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5435
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5435
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5436
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5436
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5437
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5437
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5438
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5438
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5439
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5439
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5440
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5440
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5441
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5441
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5442
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5442
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5443
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5443
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5444
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5444
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5445
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5445
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5446
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5446
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5447
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5447
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5448
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5448
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5449
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5449
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5450
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5450
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5451
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5451
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5452
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5452
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5453
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5453
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5454
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5454
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5455
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5455
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5456
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5456
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5457
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5457
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5458
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5458
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5459
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5459
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5460
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5460
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5461
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5461
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5462
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5462
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5463
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5463
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5464
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5464
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5465
Read: a from pipe: 5465
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5466
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5466
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5467
Read: a from pipe: 5467
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5468
Read: a from pipe: 5468
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5469
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5469
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5470
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5470
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5471
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5471
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5472
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5472
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5473
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5473
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5474
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5474
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5475
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5475
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5476
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5476
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5477
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5477
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5478
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5478
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5479
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5479
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5480
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5480
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5481
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5481
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5482
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5482
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5483
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5483
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5484
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5484
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5485
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5485
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5486
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5486
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5487
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5487
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5488
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5488
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5489
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5489
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5490
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5490
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5491
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5491
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5492
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5492
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5493
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5493
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5494
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5494
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5495
completed write
i=2
Read: a from pipe: 5495
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5496
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5496
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5497
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5497
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5498
Read: a from pipe: 5498
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5499
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5499
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5500
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5500
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5501
Read: a from pipe: 5501
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5502
Read: a from pipe: 5502
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5503
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5503
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5504
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5504
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5505
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5505
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5506
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5506
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5507
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5507
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5508
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5508
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5509
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5509
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5510
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5510
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5511
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5511
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5512
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5512
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5513
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5513
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5514
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5514
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5515
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5515
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5516
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5516
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5517
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5517
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5518
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5518
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5519
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5519
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5520
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5520
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5521
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5521
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5522
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5522
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5523
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5523
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5524
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5524
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5525
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5525
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5526
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5526
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5527
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5527
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5528
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5528
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5529
Read: a from pipe: 5529
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5530
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5530
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5531
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5531
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5532
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5532
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5533
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5533
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5534
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5534
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5535
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5535
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5536
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5536
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5537
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5537
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5538
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5538
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5539
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5539
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5540
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5540
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5541
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5541
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5542
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5542
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5543
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5543
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5544
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5544
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5545
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5545
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5546
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5546
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5547
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5547
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5548
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5548
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5549
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5549
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5550
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5550
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5551
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5551
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5552
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5552
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5553
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5553
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5554
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5554
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5555
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5555
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5556
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5556
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5557
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5557
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5558
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5558
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5559
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5559
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5560
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5560
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5561
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5561
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5562
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5562
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5563
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5563
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5564
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5564
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5565
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5565
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5566
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5566
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5567
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5567
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5568
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5568
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5569
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5569
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5570
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5570
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5571
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5571
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5572
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5572
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5573
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5573
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5574
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5574
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5575
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5575
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5576
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5576
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5577
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5577
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5578
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5578
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5579
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5579
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5580
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5580
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5581
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5581
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5582
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5582
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5583
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5583
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5584
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5584
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5585
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5585
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5586
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5586
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5587
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5587
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5588
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5588
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5589
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5589
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5590
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5590
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5591
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5591
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5592
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5592
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5593
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5593
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5594
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5594
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5595
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5595
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5596
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5596
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5597
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5597
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5598
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5598
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5599
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5599
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5600
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5600
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5601
Read: a from pipe: 5601
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5602
Read: a from pipe: 5602
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5603
Read: a from pipe: 5603
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5604
Read: a from pipe: 5604
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5605
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5605
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5606
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5606
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5607
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5607
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5608
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5608
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5609
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5609
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5610
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5610
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5611
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5611
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5612
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5612
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5613
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5613
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5614
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5614
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5615
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5615
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5616
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5616
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5617
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5617
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5618
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5618
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5619
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5619
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5620
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5620
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5621
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5621
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5622
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5622
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5623
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5623
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5624
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5624
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5625
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5625
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5626
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5626
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5627
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5627
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5628
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5628
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5629
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5629
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5630
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5630
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5631
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5631
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5632
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5632
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5633
Read: a from pipe: 5633
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5634
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5634
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5635
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5635
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5636
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5636
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5637
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5637
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5638
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5638
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5639
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5639
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5640
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5640
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5641
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5641
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5642
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5642
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5643
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5643
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5644
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5644
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5645
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5645
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5646
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5646
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5647
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5647
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5648
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5648
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5649
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5649
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5650
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5650
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5651
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5651
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5652
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5652
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5653
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5653
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5654
Read: a from pipe: 5654
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5655
Read: a from pipe: 5655
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5656
Read: a from pipe: 5656
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5657
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5657
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5658
Read: a from pipe: 5658
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5659
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5659
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5660
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5660
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5661
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5661
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5662
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5662
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5663
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5663
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5664
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5664
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5665
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5665
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5666
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5666
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5667
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5667
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5668
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5668
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5669
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5669
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5670
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5670
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5671
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5671
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5672
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5672
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5673
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5673
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5674
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5674
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5675
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5675
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5676
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5676
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5677
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5677
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5678
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5678
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5679
Read: a from pipe: 5679
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5680
Read: a from pipe: 5680
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5681
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5681
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5682
Read: a from pipe: 5682
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5683
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5683
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5684
Read: a from pipe: 5684
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5685
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5685
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5686
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5686
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5687
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5687
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5688
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5688
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5689
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5689
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5690
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5690
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5691
Read: a from pipe: 5691
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5692
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5692
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5693
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5693
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5694
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5694
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5695
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5695
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5696
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5696
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5697
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5697
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5698
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5698
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5699
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5699
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5700
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5700
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5701
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5701
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5702
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5702
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5703
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5703
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5704
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5704
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5705
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5705
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5706
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5706
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5707
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5707
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5708
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5708
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5709
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5709
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5710
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5710
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5711
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5711
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5712
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5712
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5713
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5713
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5714
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5714
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5715
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5715
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5716
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5716
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5717
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5717
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5718
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5718
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5719
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5719
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5720
Read: a from pipe: 5720
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5721
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5721
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5722
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5722
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5723
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5723
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5724
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5724
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5725
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5725
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5726
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5726
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5727
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5727
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5728
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5728
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5729
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5729
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5730
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5730
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5731
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5731
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5732
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5732
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5733
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5733
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5734
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5734
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5735
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5735
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5736
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5736
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5737
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5737
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5738
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5738
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5739
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5739
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5740
Read: a from pipe: 5740
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5741
Read: a from pipe: 5741
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5742
Read: a from pipe: 5742
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5743
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5743
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5744
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5744
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5745
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5745
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5746
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5746
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5747
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5747
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5748
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5748
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5749
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5749
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5750
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5750
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5751
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5751
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5752
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5752
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5753
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5753
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5754
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5754
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5755
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5755
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5756
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5756
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5757
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5757
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5758
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5758
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5759
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5759
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5760
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5760
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5761
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5761
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5762
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5762
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5763
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5763
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5764
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5764
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5765
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5765
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5766
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5766
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5767
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5767
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5768
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5768
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5769
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5769
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5770
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5770
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5771
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5771
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5772
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5772
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5773
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5773
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5774
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5774
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5775
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5775
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5776
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5776
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5777
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5777
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5778
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5778
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5779
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5779
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5780
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5780
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5781
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5781
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5782
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5782
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5783
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5783
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5784
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5784
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5785
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5785
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5786
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5786
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5787
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5787
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5788
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5788
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5789
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5789
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5790
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5790
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5791
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5791
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5792
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5792
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5793
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5793
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5794
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5794
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5795
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5795
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5796
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5796
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5797
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5797
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5798
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5798
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5799
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5799
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5800
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5800
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5801
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5801
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5802
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5802
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5803
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5803
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5804
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5804
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5805
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5805
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5806
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5806
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5807
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5807
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5808
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5808
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5809
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5809
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5810
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5810
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5811
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5811
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5812
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5812
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5813
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5813
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5814
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5814
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5815
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5815
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5816
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5816
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5817
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5817
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5818
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5818
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5819
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5819
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5820
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5820
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5821
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5821
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5822
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5822
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5823
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5823
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5824
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5824
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5825
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5825
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5826
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5826
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5827
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5827
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5828
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5828
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5829
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5829
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5830
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5830
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5831
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5831
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5832
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5832
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5833
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5833
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5834
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5834
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5835
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5835
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5836
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5836
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5837
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5837
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5838
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5838
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5839
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5839
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5840
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5840
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5841
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5841
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5842
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5842
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5843
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5843
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5844
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5844
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5845
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5845
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5846
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5846
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5847
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5847
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5848
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5848
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5849
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5849
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5850
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5850
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5851
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5851
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5852
Read: a from pipe: 5852
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5853
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5853
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5854
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5854
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5855
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5855
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5856
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5856
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5857
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5857
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5858
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5858
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5859
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5859
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5860
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5860
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5861
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5861
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5862
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5862
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5863
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5863
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5864
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5864
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5865
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5865
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5866
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5866
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5867
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5867
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5868
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5868
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5869
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5869
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5870
Read: a from pipe: 5870
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5871
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5871
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5872
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5872
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5873
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5873
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5874
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5874
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5875
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5875
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5876
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5876
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5877
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5877
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5878
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5878
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5879
Read: a from pipe: 5879
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5880
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5880
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5881
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5881
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5882
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5882
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5883
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5883
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5884
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5884
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5885
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5885
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5886
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5886
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5887
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5887
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5888
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5888
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5889
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5889
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5890
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5890
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5891
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5891
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5892
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5892
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5893
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5893
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5894
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5894
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5895
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5895
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5896
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5896
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5897
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5897
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5898
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5898
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5899
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5899
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5900
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5900
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5901
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5901
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5902
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5902
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5903
Read: a from pipe: 5903
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5904
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5904
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5905
completed write
i=1
Read: a from pipe: 5905
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5906
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5906
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5907
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5907
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5908
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5908
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5909
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5909
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5910
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5910
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5911
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5911
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5912
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5912
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5913
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5913
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5914
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5914
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5915
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5915
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5916
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5916
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5917
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5917
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5918
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5918
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5919
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5919
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5920
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5920
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5921
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5921
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5922
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5922
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5923
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5923
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5924
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5924
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5925
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5925
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5926
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5926
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5927
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5927
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5928
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5928
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5929
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5929
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5930
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5930
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5931
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5931
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5932
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5932
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5933
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5933
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5934
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5934
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5935
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5935
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5936
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5936
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5937
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5937
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5938
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5938
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5939
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5939
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5940
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5940
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5941
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5941
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5942
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5942
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5943
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5943
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5944
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5944
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5945
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5945
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5946
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5946
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5947
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5947
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5948
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5948
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5949
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5949
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5950
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5950
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5951
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5951
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5952
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5952
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5953
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5953
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5954
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5954
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5955
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5955
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5956
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5956
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5957
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5957
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5958
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5958
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5959
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5959
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5960
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5960
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5961
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5961
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5962
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5962
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5963
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5963
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5964
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5964
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5965
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5965
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5966
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5966
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5967
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5967
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5968
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5968
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5969
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5969
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5970
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5970
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5971
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5971
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5972
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5972
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5973
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5973
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5974
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5974
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5975
Read: a from pipe: 5975
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5976
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5976
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5977
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5977
completed read
in cleanup overhead
in initialise_overhead
in benchmark overhead
iterations 1151
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5978
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5978
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5979
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5979
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5980
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5980
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5981
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5981
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5982
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5982
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5983
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5983
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5984
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5984
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5985
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5985
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5986
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5986
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5987
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5987
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5988
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5988
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5989
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5989
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5990
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5990
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5991
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5991
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5992
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5992
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5993
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5993
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5994
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5994
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5995
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5995
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5996
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5996
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5997
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5997
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5998
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5998
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 5999
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 5999
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6000
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6000
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6001
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6001
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6002
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6002
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6003
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6003
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6004
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6004
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6005
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6005
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6006
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6006
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6007
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6007
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6008
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6008
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6009
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6009
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6010
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6010
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6011
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6011
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6012
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6012
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6013
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6013
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6014
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6014
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6015
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6015
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6016
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6016
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6017
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6017
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6018
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6018
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6019
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6019
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6020
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6020
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6021
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6021
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6022
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6022
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6023
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6023
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6024
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6024
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6025
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6025
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6026
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6026
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6027
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6027
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6028
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6028
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6029
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6029
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6030
Read: a from pipe: 6030
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6031
Read: a from pipe: 6031
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6032
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6032
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6033
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6033
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6034
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6034
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6035
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6035
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6036
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6036
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6037
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6037
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6038
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6038
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6039
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6039
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6040
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6040
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6041
Read: a from pipe: 6041
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6042
Read: a from pipe: 6042
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6043
Read: a from pipe: 6043
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6044
Read: a from pipe: 6044
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6045
Read: a from pipe: 6045
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6046
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6046
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6047
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6047
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6048
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6048
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6049
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6049
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6050
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6050
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6051
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6051
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6052
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6052
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6053
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6053
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6054
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6054
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6055
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6055
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6056
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6056
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6057
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6057
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6058
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6058
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6059
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6059
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6060
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6060
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6061
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6061
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6062
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6062
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6063
Read: a from pipe: 6063
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6064
Read: a from pipe: 6064
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6065
Read: a from pipe: 6065
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6066
Read: a from pipe: 6066
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6067
Read: a from pipe: 6067
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6068
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6068
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6069
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6069
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6070
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6070
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6071
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6071
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6072
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6072
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6073
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6073
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6074
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6074
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6075
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6075
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6076
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6076
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6077
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6077
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6078
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6078
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6079
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6079
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6080
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6080
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6081
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6081
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6082
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6082
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6083
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6083
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6084
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6084
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6085
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6085
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6086
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6086
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6087
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6087
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6088
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6088
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6089
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6089
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6090
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6090
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6091
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6091
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6092
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6092
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6093
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6093
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6094
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6094
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6095
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6095
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6096
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6096
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6097
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6097
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6098
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6098
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6099
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6099
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6100
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6100
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6101
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6101
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6102
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6102
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6103
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6103
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6104
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6104
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6105
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6105
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6106
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6106
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6107
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6107
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6108
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6108
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6109
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6109
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6110
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6110
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6111
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6111
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6112
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6112
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6113
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6113
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6114
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6114
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6115
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6115
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6116
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6116
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6117
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6117
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6118
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6118
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6119
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6119
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6120
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6120
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6121
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6121
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6122
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6122
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6123
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6123
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6124
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6124
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6125
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6125
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6126
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6126
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6127
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6127
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6128
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6128
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6129
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6129
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6130
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6130
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6131
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6131
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6132
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6132
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6133
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6133
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6134
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6134
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6135
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6135
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6136
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6136
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6137
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6137
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6138
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6138
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6139
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6139
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6140
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6140
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6141
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6141
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6142
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6142
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6143
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6143
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6144
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6144
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6145
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6145
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6146
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6146
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6147
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6147
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6148
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6148
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6149
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6149
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6150
Read: a from pipe: 6150
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6151
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6151
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6152
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6152
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6153
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6153
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6154
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6154
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6155
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6155
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6156
Read: a from pipe: 6156
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6157
Read: a from pipe: 6157
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6158
Read: a from pipe: 6158
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6159
Read: a from pipe: 6159
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6160
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6160
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6161
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6161
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6162
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6162
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6163
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6163
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6164
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6164
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6165
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6165
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6166
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6166
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6167
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6167
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6168
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6168
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6169
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6169
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6170
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6170
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6171
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6171
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6172
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6172
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6173
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6173
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6174
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6174
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6175
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6175
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6176
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6176
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6177
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6177
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6178
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6178
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6179
Read: a from pipe: 6179
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6180
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6180
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6181
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6181
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6182
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6182
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6183
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6183
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6184
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6184
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6185
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6185
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6186
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6186
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6187
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6187
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6188
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6188
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6189
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6189
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6190
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6190
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6191
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6191
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6192
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6192
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6193
Read: a from pipe: 6193
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6194
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6194
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6195
Read: a from pipe: 6195
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6196
Read: a from pipe: 6196
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6197
Read: a from pipe: 6197
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6198
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6198
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6199
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6199
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6200
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6200
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6201
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6201
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6202
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6202
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6203
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6203
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6204
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6204
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6205
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6205
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6206
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6206
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6207
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6207
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6208
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6208
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6209
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6209
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6210
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6210
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6211
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6211
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6212
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6212
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6213
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6213
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6214
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6214
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6215
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6215
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6216
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6216
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6217
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6217
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6218
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6218
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6219
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6219
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6220
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6220
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6221
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6221
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6222
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6222
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6223
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6223
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6224
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6224
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6225
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6225
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6226
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6226
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6227
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6227
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6228
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6228
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6229
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6229
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6230
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6230
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6231
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6231
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6232
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6232
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6233
Read: a from pipe: 6233
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6234
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6234
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6235
Read: a from pipe: 6235
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6236
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6236
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6237
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6237
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6238
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6238
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6239
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6239
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6240
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6240
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6241
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6241
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6242
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6242
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6243
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6243
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6244
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6244
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6245
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6245
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6246
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6246
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6247
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6247
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6248
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6248
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6249
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6249
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6250
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6250
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6251
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6251
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6252
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6252
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6253
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6253
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6254
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6254
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6255
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6255
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6256
Read: a from pipe: 6256
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6257
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6257
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6258
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6258
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6259
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6259
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6260
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6260
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6261
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6261
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6262
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6262
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6263
Read: a from pipe: 6263
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6264
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6264
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6265
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6265
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6266
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6266
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6267
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6267
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6268
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6268
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6269
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6269
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6270
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6270
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6271
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6271
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6272
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6272
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6273
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6273
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6274
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6274
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6275
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6275
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6276
Read: a from pipe: 6276
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6277
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6277
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6278
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6278
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6279
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6279
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6280
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6280
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6281
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6281
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6282
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6282
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6283
Read: a from pipe: 6283
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6284
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6284
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6285
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6285
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6286
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6286
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6287
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6287
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6288
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6288
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6289
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6289
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6290
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6290
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6291
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6291
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6292
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6292
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6293
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6293
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6294
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6294
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6295
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6295
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6296
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6296
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6297
Read: a from pipe: 6297
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6298
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6298
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6299
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6299
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6300
Read: a from pipe: 6300
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6301
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6301
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6302
Read: a from pipe: 6302
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6303
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6303
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6304
Read: a from pipe: 6304
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6305
Read: a from pipe: 6305
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6306
Read: a from pipe: 6306
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6307
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6307
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6308
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6308
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6309
Read: a from pipe: 6309
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6310
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6310
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6311
Read: a from pipe: 6311
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6312
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6312
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6313
Read: a from pipe: 6313
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6314
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6314
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6315
Read: a from pipe: 6315
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6316
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6316
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6317
Read: a from pipe: 6317
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6318
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6318
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6319
Read: a from pipe: 6319
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6320
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6320
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6321
Read: a from pipe: 6321
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6322
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6322
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6323
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6323
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6324
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6324
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6325
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6325
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6326
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6326
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6327
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6327
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6328
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6328
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6329
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6329
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6330
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6330
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6331
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6331
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6332
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6332
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6333
Read: a from pipe: 6333
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6334
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6334
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6335
Read: a from pipe: 6335
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6336
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6336
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6337
Read: a from pipe: 6337
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6338
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6338
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6339
Read: a from pipe: 6339
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6340
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6340
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6341
Read: a from pipe: 6341
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6342
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6342
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6343
Read: a from pipe: 6343
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6344
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6344
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6345
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6345
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6346
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6346
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6347
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6347
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6348
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6348
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6349
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6349
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6350
Read: a from pipe: 6350
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6351
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6351
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6352
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6352
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6353
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6353
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6354
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6354
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6355
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6355
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6356
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6356
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6357
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6357
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6358
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6358
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6359
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6359
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6360
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6360
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6361
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6361
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6362
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6362
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6363
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6363
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6364
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6364
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6365
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6365
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6366
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6366
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6367
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6367
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6368
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6368
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6369
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6369
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6370
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6370
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6371
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6371
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6372
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6372
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6373
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6373
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6374
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6374
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6375
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6375
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6376
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6376
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6377
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6377
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6378
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6378
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6379
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6379
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6380
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6380
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6381
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6381
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6382
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6382
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6383
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6383
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6384
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6384
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6385
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6385
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6386
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6386
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6387
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6387
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6388
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6388
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6389
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6389
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6390
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6390
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6391
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6391
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6392
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6392
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6393
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6393
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6394
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6394
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6395
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6395
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6396
Read: a from pipe: 6396
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6397
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6397
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6398
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6398
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6399
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6399
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6400
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6400
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6401
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6401
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6402
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6402
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6403
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6403
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6404
Read: a from pipe: 6404
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6405
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6405
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6406
Read: a from pipe: 6406
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6407
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6407
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6408
Read: a from pipe: 6408
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6409
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6409
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6410
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6410
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6411
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6411
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6412
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6412
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6413
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6413
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6414
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6414
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6415
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6415
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6416
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6416
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6417
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6417
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6418
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6418
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6419
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6419
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6420
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6420
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6421
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6421
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6422
Read: a from pipe: 6422
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6423
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6423
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6424
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6424
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6425
Read: a from pipe: 6425
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6426
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6426
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6427
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6427
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6428
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6428
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6429
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6429
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6430
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6430
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6431
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6431
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6432
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6432
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6433
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6433
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6434
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6434
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6435
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6435
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6436
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6436
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6437
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6437
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6438
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6438
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6439
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6439
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6440
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6440
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6441
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6441
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6442
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6442
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6443
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6443
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6444
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6444
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6445
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6445
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6446
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6446
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6447
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6447
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6448
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6448
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6449
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6449
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6450
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6450
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6451
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6451
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6452
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6452
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6453
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6453
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6454
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6454
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6455
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6455
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6456
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6456
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6457
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6457
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6458
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6458
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6459
Read: a from pipe: 6459
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6460
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6460
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6461
Read: a from pipe: 6461
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6462
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6462
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6463
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6463
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6464
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6464
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6465
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6465
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6466
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6466
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6467
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6467
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6468
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6468
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6469
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6469
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6470
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6470
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6471
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6471
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6472
Read: a from pipe: 6472
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6473
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6473
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6474
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6474
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6475
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6475
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6476
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6476
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6477
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6477
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6478
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6478
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6479
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6479
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6480
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6480
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6481
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6481
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6482
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6482
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6483
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6483
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6484
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6484
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6485
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6485
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6486
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6486
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6487
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6487
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6488
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6488
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6489
Read: a from pipe: 6489
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6490
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6490
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6491
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6491
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6492
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6492
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6493
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6493
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6494
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6494
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6495
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6495
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6496
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6496
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6497
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6497
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6498
Read: a from pipe: 6498
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6499
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6499
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6500
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6500
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6501
Read: a from pipe: 6501
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6502
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6502
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6503
Read: a from pipe: 6503
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6504
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6504
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6505
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6505
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6506
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6506
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6507
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6507
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6508
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6508
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6509
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6509
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6510
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6510
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6511
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6511
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6512
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6512
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6513
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6513
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6514
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6514
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6515
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6515
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6516
Read: a from pipe: 6516
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6517
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6517
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6518
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6518
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6519
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6519
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6520
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6520
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6521
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6521
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6522
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6522
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6523
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6523
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6524
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6524
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6525
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6525
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6526
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6526
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6527
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6527
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6528
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6528
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6529
Read: a from pipe: 6529
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6530
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6530
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6531
Read: a from pipe: 6531
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6532
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6532
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6533
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6533
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6534
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6534
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6535
Read: a from pipe: 6535
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6536
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6536
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6537
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6537
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6538
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6538
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6539
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6539
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6540
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6540
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6541
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6541
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6542
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6542
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6543
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6543
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6544
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6544
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6545
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6545
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6546
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6546
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6547
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6547
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6548
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6548
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6549
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6549
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6550
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6550
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6551
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6551
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6552
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6552
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6553
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6553
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6554
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6554
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6555
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6555
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6556
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6556
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6557
Read: a from pipe: 6557
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6558
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6558
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6559
Read: a from pipe: 6559
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6560
Read: a from pipe: 6560
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6561
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6561
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6562
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6562
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6563
Read: a from pipe: 6563
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6564
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6564
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6565
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6565
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6566
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6566
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6567
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6567
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6568
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6568
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6569
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6569
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6570
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6570
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6571
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6571
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6572
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6572
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6573
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6573
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6574
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6574
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6575
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6575
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6576
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6576
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6577
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6577
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6578
Read: a from pipe: 6578
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6579
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6579
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6580
Read: a from pipe: 6580
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6581
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6581
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6582
Read: a from pipe: 6582
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6583
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6583
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6584
Read: a from pipe: 6584
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6585
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6585
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6586
Read: a from pipe: 6586
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6587
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6587
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6588
Read: a from pipe: 6588
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6589
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6589
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6590
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6590
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6591
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6591
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6592
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6592
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6593
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6593
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6594
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6594
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6595
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6595
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6596
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6596
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6597
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6597
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6598
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6598
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6599
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6599
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6600
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6600
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6601
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6601
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6602
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6602
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6603
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6603
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6604
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6604
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6605
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6605
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6606
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6606
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6607
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6607
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6608
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6608
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6609
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6609
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6610
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6610
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6611
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6611
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6612
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6612
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6613
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6613
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6614
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6614
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6615
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6615
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6616
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6616
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6617
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6617
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6618
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6618
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6619
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6619
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6620
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6620
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6621
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6621
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6622
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6622
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6623
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6623
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6624
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6624
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6625
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6625
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6626
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6626
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6627
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6627
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6628
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6628
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6629
Read: a from pipe: 6629
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6630
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6630
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6631
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6631
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6632
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6632
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6633
Read: a from pipe: 6633
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6634
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6634
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6635
Read: a from pipe: 6635
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6636
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6636
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6637
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6637
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6638
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6638
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6639
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6639
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6640
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6640
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6641
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6641
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6642
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6642
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6643
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6643
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6644
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6644
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6645
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6645
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6646
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6646
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6647
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6647
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6648
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6648
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6649
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6649
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6650
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6650
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6651
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6651
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6652
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6652
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6653
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6653
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6654
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6654
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6655
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6655
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6656
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6656
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6657
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6657
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6658
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6658
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6659
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6659
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6660
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6660
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6661
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6661
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6662
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6662
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6663
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6663
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6664
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6664
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6665
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6665
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6666
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6666
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6667
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6667
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6668
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6668
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6669
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6669
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6670
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6670
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6671
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6671
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6672
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6672
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6673
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6673
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6674
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6674
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6675
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6675
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6676
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6676
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6677
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6677
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6678
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6678
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6679
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6679
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6680
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6680
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6681
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6681
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6682
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6682
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6683
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6683
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6684
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6684
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6685
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6685
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6686
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6686
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6687
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6687
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6688
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6688
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6689
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6689
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6690
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6690
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6691
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6691
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6692
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6692
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6693
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6693
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6694
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6694
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6695
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6695
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6696
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6696
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6697
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6697
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6698
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6698
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6699
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6699
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6700
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6700
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6701
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6701
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6702
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6702
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6703
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6703
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6704
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6704
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6705
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6705
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6706
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6706
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6707
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6707
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6708
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6708
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6709
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6709
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6710
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6710
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6711
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6711
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6712
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6712
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6713
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6713
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6714
Read: a from pipe: 6714
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6715
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6715
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6716
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6716
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6717
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6717
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6718
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6718
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6719
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6719
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6720
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6720
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6721
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6721
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6722
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6722
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6723
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6723
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6724
Read: a from pipe: 6724
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6725
Read: a from pipe: 6725
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6726
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6726
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6727
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6727
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6728
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6728
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6729
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6729
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6730
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6730
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6731
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6731
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6732
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6732
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6733
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6733
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6734
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6734
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6735
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6735
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6736
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6736
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6737
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6737
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6738
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6738
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6739
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6739
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6740
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6740
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6741
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6741
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6742
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6742
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6743
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6743
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6744
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6744
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6745
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6745
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6746
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6746
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6747
Read: a from pipe: 6747
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6748
Read: a from pipe: 6748
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6749
Read: a from pipe: 6749
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6750
Read: a from pipe: 6750
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6751
Read: a from pipe: 6751
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6752
Read: a from pipe: 6752
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6753
Read: a from pipe: 6753
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6754
Read: a from pipe: 6754
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6755
Read: a from pipe: 6755
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6756
Read: a from pipe: 6756
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6757
Read: a from pipe: 6757
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6758
Read: a from pipe: 6758
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6759
Read: a from pipe: 6759
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6760
Read: a from pipe: 6760
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6761
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6761
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6762
Read: a from pipe: 6762
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6763
Read: a from pipe: 6763
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6764
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6764
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6765
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6765
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6766
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6766
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6767
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6767
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6768
Read: a from pipe: 6768
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6769
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6769
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6770
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6770
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6771
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6771
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6772
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6772
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6773
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6773
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6774
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6774
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6775
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6775
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6776
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6776
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6777
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6777
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6778
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6778
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6779
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6779
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6780
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6780
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6781
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6781
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6782
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6782
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6783
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6783
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6784
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6784
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6785
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6785
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6786
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6786
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6787
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6787
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6788
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6788
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6789
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6789
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6790
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6790
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6791
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6791
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6792
Read: a from pipe: 6792
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6793
Read: a from pipe: 6793
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6794
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6794
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6795
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6795
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6796
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6796
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6797
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6797
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6798
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6798
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6799
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6799
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6800
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6800
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6801
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6801
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6802
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6802
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6803
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6803
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6804
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6804
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6805
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6805
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6806
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6806
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6807
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6807
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6808
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6808
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6809
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6809
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6810
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6810
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6811
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6811
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6812
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6812
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6813
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6813
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6814
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6814
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6815
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6815
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6816
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6816
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6817
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6817
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6818
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6818
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6819
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6819
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6820
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6820
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6821
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6821
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6822
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6822
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6823
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6823
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6824
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6824
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6825
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6825
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6826
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6826
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6827
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6827
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6828
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6828
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6829
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6829
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6830
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6830
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6831
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6831
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6832
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6832
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6833
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6833
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6834
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6834
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6835
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6835
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6836
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6836
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6837
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6837
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6838
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6838
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6839
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6839
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6840
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6840
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6841
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6841
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6842
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6842
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6843
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6843
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6844
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6844
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6845
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6845
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6846
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6846
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6847
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6847
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6848
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6848
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6849
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6849
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6850
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6850
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6851
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6851
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6852
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6852
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6853
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6853
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6854
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6854
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6855
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6855
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6856
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6856
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6857
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6857
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6858
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6858
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6859
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6859
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6860
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6860
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6861
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6861
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6862
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6862
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6863
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6863
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6864
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6864
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6865
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6865
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6866
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6866
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6867
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6867
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6868
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6868
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6869
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6869
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6870
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6870
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6871
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6871
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6872
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6872
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6873
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6873
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6874
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6874
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6875
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6875
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6876
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6876
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6877
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6877
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6878
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6878
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6879
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6879
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6880
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6880
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6881
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6881
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6882
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6882
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6883
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6883
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6884
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6884
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6885
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6885
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6886
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6886
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6887
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6887
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6888
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6888
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6889
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6889
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6890
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6890
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6891
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6891
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6892
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6892
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6893
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6893
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6894
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6894
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6895
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6895
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6896
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6896
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6897
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6897
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6898
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6898
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6899
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6899
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6900
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6900
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6901
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6901
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6902
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6902
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6903
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6903
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6904
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6904
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6905
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6905
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6906
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6906
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6907
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6907
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6908
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6908
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6909
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6909
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6910
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6910
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6911
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6911
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6912
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6912
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6913
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6913
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6914
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6914
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6915
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6915
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6916
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6916
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6917
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6917
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6918
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6918
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6919
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6919
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6920
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6920
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6921
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6921
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6922
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6922
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6923
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6923
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6924
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6924
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6925
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6925
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6926
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6926
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6927
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6927
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6928
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6928
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6929
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6929
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6930
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6930
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6931
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6931
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6932
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6932
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6933
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6933
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6934
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6934
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6935
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6935
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6936
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6936
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6937
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6937
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6938
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6938
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6939
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6939
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6940
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6940
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6941
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6941
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6942
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6942
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6943
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6943
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6944
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6944
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6945
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6945
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for write
opened for read
Wrote: a to pipe: 6946
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6946
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6947
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6947
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6948
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6948
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6949
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6949
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6950
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6950
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6951
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6951
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6952
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6952
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6953
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6953
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6954
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6954
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6955
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6955
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6956
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6956
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6957
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6957
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6958
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6958
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6959
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6959
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6960
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6960
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6961
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6961
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6962
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6962
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6963
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6963
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6964
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6964
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6965
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6965
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6966
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6966
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6967
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6967
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6968
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6968
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6969
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6969
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6970
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6970
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6971
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6971
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6972
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6972
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6973
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6973
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6974
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6974
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6975
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6975
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6976
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6976
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6977
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6977
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6978
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6978
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6979
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6979
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6980
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6980
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6981
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6981
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6982
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6982
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6983
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6983
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6984
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6984
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6985
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6985
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6986
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6986
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6987
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6987
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6988
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6988
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6989
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6989
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6990
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6990
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6991
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6991
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6992
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6992
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6993
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6993
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6994
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6994
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6995
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6995
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6996
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6996
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6997
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6997
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6998
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6998
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 6999
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 6999
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7000
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7000
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7001
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7001
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7002
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7002
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7003
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7003
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7004
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7004
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7005
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7005
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7006
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7006
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7007
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7007
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7008
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7008
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7009
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7009
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7010
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7010
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7011
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7011
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7012
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7012
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7013
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7013
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7014
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7014
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7015
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7015
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7016
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7016
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7017
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7017
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7018
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7018
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7019
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7019
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7020
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7020
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7021
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7021
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7022
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7022
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7023
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7023
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7024
Read: a from pipe: 7024
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7025
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7025
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7026
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7026
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7027
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7027
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7028
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7028
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7029
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7029
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7030
Read: a from pipe: 7030
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7031
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7031
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7032
Read: a from pipe: 7032
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7033
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7033
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7034
Read: a from pipe: 7034
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7035
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7035
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7036
Read: a from pipe: 7036
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7037
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7037
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7038
Read: a from pipe: 7038
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7039
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7039
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7040
Read: a from pipe: 7040
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7041
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7041
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7042
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7042
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7043
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7043
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7044
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7044
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7045
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7045
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7046
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7046
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7047
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7047
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7048
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7048
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7049
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7049
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7050
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7050
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7051
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7051
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7052
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7052
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7053
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7053
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7054
Read: a from pipe: 7054
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7055
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7055
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7056
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7056
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7057
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7057
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7058
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7058
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7059
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7059
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7060
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7060
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7061
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7061
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7062
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7062
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7063
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7063
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7064
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7064
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7065
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7065
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7066
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7066
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7067
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7067
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7068
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7068
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7069
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7069
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7070
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7070
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7071
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7071
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7072
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7072
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7073
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7073
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7074
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7074
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7075
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7075
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7076
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7076
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7077
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7077
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7078
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7078
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7079
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7079
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7080
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7080
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7081
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7081
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7082
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7082
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7083
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7083
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7084
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7084
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7085
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7085
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7086
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7086
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7087
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7087
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7088
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7088
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7089
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7089
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7090
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7090
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7091
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7091
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7092
Read: a from pipe: 7092
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7093
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7093
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7094
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7094
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7095
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7095
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7096
Read: a from pipe: 7096
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7097
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7097
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7098
Read: a from pipe: 7098
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7099
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7099
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7100
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7100
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7101
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7101
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7102
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7102
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7103
Read: a from pipe: 7103
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7104
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7104
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7105
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7105
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7106
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7106
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7107
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7107
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7108
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7108
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7109
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7109
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7110
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7110
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7111
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7111
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7112
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7112
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7113
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7113
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7114
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7114
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7115
Read: a from pipe: 7115
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7116
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7116
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7117
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7117
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7118
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7118
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7119
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7119
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7120
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7120
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7121
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7121
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7122
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7122
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7123
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7123
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7124
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7124
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7125
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7125
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7126
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7126
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7127
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7127
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7128
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7128
completed read
in cleanup overhead
in initialise_overhead
in benchmark overhead
iterations 1375
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7129
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7129
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7130
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7130
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7131
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7131
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7132
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7132
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7133
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7133
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7134
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7134
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7135
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7135
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7136
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7136
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7137
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7137
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7138
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7138
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7139
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7139
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7140
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7140
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7141
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7141
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7142
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7142
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7143
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7143
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7144
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7144
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7145
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7145
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7146
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7146
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7147
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7147
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7148
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7148
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7149
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7149
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7150
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7150
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7151
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7151
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7152
Read: a from pipe: 7152
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7153
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7153
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7154
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7154
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7155
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7155
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7156
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7156
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7157
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7157
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7158
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7158
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7159
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7159
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7160
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7160
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7161
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7161
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7162
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7162
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7163
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7163
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7164
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7164
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7165
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7165
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7166
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7166
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7167
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7167
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7168
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7168
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7169
Read: a from pipe: 7169
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7170
Read: a from pipe: 7170
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7171
Read: a from pipe: 7171
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7172
Read: a from pipe: 7172
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7173
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7173
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7174
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7174
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7175
Read: a from pipe: 7175
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7176
Read: a from pipe: 7176
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7177
Read: a from pipe: 7177
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7178
Read: a from pipe: 7178
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7179
Read: a from pipe: 7179
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7180
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7180
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7181
Read: a from pipe: 7181
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7182
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7182
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7183
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7183
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7184
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7184
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7185
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7185
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7186
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7186
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7187
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7187
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7188
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7188
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7189
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7189
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7190
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7190
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7191
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7191
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7192
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7192
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7193
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7193
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7194
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7194
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7195
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7195
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7196
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7196
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7197
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7197
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7198
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7198
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7199
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7199
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7200
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7200
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7201
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7201
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7202
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7202
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7203
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7203
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7204
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7204
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7205
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7205
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7206
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7206
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7207
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7207
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7208
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7208
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7209
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7209
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7210
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7210
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7211
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7211
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7212
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7212
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7213
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7213
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7214
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7214
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7215
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7215
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7216
Read: a from pipe: 7216
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7217
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7217
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7218
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7218
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7219
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7219
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7220
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7220
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7221
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7221
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7222
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7222
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7223
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7223
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7224
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7224
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7225
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7225
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7226
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7226
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7227
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7227
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7228
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7228
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7229
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7229
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7230
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7230
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7231
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7231
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7232
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7232
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7233
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7233
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7234
Read: a from pipe: 7234
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7235
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7235
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7236
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7236
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7237
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7237
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7238
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7238
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7239
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7239
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7240
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7240
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7241
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7241
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7242
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7242
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7243
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7243
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7244
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7244
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7245
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7245
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7246
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7246
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7247
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7247
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7248
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7248
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7249
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7249
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7250
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7250
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7251
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7251
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7252
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7252
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7253
Read: a from pipe: 7253
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7254
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7254
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7255
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7255
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7256
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7256
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7257
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7257
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7258
Read: a from pipe: 7258
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7259
Read: a from pipe: 7259
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7260
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7260
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7261
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7261
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7262
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7262
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7263
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7263
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7264
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7264
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7265
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7265
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7266
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7266
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7267
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7267
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7268
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7268
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7269
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7269
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7270
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7270
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7271
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7271
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7272
Read: a from pipe: 7272
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7273
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7273
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7274
Read: a from pipe: 7274
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7275
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7275
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7276
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7276
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7277
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7277
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7278
Read: a from pipe: 7278
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7279
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7279
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7280
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7280
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7281
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7281
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7282
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7282
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7283
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7283
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7284
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7284
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7285
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7285
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7286
Read: a from pipe: 7286
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7287
Read: a from pipe: 7287
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7288
Read: a from pipe: 7288
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7289
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7289
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7290
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7290
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7291
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7291
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7292
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7292
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7293
Read: a from pipe: 7293
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7294
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7294
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7295
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7295
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7296
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7296
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7297
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7297
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7298
Read: a from pipe: 7298
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7299
Read: a from pipe: 7299
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7300
Read: a from pipe: 7300
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7301
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7301
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7302
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7302
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7303
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7303
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7304
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7304
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7305
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7305
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7306
Read: a from pipe: 7306
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7307
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7307
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7308
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7308
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7309
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7309
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7310
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7310
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7311
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7311
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7312
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7312
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7313
Read: a from pipe: 7313
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7314
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7314
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7315
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7315
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7316
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7316
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7317
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7317
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7318
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7318
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7319
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7319
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7320
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7320
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7321
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7321
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7322
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7322
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7323
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7323
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7324
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7324
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7325
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7325
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7326
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7326
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7327
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7327
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7328
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7328
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7329
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7329
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7330
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7330
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7331
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7331
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7332
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7332
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7333
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7333
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7334
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7334
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7335
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7335
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7336
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7336
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7337
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7337
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7338
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7338
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7339
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7339
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7340
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7340
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7341
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7341
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7342
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7342
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7343
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7343
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7344
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7344
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7345
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7345
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7346
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7346
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7347
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7347
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7348
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7348
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7349
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7349
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7350
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7350
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7351
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7351
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7352
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7352
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7353
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7353
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7354
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7354
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7355
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7355
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7356
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7356
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7357
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7357
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7358
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7358
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7359
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7359
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7360
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7360
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7361
Read: a from pipe: 7361
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7362
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7362
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7363
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7363
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7364
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7364
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7365
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7365
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7366
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7366
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7367
Read: a from pipe: 7367
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7368
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7368
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7369
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7369
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7370
Read: a from pipe: 7370
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7371
Read: a from pipe: 7371
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7372
Read: a from pipe: 7372
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7373
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7373
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7374
Read: a from pipe: 7374
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7375
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7375
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7376
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7376
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7377
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7377
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7378
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7378
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7379
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7379
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7380
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7380
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7381
Read: a from pipe: 7381
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7382
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7382
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7383
Read: a from pipe: 7383
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7384
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7384
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7385
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7385
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7386
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7386
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7387
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7387
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7388
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7388
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7389
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7389
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7390
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7390
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7391
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7391
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7392
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7392
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7393
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7393
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7394
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7394
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7395
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7395
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7396
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7396
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7397
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7397
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7398
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7398
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7399
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7399
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7400
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7400
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7401
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7401
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7402
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7402
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7403
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7403
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7404
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7404
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7405
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7405
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7406
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7406
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7407
Read: a from pipe: 7407
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7408
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7408
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7409
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7409
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7410
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7410
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7411
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7411
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7412
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7412
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7413
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7413
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7414
completed write
i=1
Read: a from pipe: 7414
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7415
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7415
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7416
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7416
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7417
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7417
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7418
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7418
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7419
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7419
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7420
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7420
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7421
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7421
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7422
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7422
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7423
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7423
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7424
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7424
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7425
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7425
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7426
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7426
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7427
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7427
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7428
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7428
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7429
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7429
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7430
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7430
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7431
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7431
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7432
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7432
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7433
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7433
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7434
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7434
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7435
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7435
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7436
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7436
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7437
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7437
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7438
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7438
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7439
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7439
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7440
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7440
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7441
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7441
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7442
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7442
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7443
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7443
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7444
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7444
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7445
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7445
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7446
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7446
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7447
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7447
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7448
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7448
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7449
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7449
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7450
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7450
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7451
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7451
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7452
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7452
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7453
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7453
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7454
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7454
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7455
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7455
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7456
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7456
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7457
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7457
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7458
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7458
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7459
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7459
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7460
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7460
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7461
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7461
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7462
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7462
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7463
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7463
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7464
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7464
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7465
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7465
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7466
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7466
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7467
Read: a from pipe: 7467
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7468
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7468
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7469
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7469
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7470
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7470
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7471
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7471
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7472
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7472
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7473
Read: a from pipe: 7473
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7474
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7474
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7475
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7475
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7476
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7476
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7477
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7477
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7478
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7478
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7479
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7479
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7480
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7480
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7481
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7481
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7482
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7482
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7483
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7483
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7484
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7484
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7485
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7485
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7486
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7486
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7487
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7487
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7488
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7488
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7489
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7489
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7490
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7490
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7491
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7491
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7492
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7492
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7493
Read: a from pipe: 7493
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7494
Read: a from pipe: 7494
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7495
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7495
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7496
Read: a from pipe: 7496
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7497
Read: a from pipe: 7497
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7498
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7498
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7499
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7499
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7500
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7500
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7501
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7501
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7502
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7502
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7503
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7503
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7504
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7504
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7505
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7505
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7506
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7506
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7507
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7507
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7508
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7508
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7509
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7509
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7510
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7510
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7511
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7511
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7512
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7512
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7513
Read: a from pipe: 7513
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7514
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7514
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7515
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7515
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7516
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7516
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7517
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7517
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7518
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7518
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7519
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7519
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7520
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7520
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7521
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7521
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7522
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7522
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7523
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7523
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7524
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7524
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7525
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7525
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7526
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7526
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7527
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7527
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7528
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7528
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7529
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7529
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7530
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7530
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7531
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7531
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7532
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7532
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7533
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7533
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7534
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7534
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7535
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7535
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7536
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7536
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7537
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7537
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7538
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7538
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7539
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7539
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7540
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7540
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7541
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7541
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7542
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7542
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7543
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7543
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7544
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7544
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7545
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7545
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7546
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7546
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7547
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7547
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7548
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7548
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7549
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7549
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7550
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7550
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7551
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7551
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7552
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7552
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7553
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7553
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7554
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7554
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7555
Read: a from pipe: 7555
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7556
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7556
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7557
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7557
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7558
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7558
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7559
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7559
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7560
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7560
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7561
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7561
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7562
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7562
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7563
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7563
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7564
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7564
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7565
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7565
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7566
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7566
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7567
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7567
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7568
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7568
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7569
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7569
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7570
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7570
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7571
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7571
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7572
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7572
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7573
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7573
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7574
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7574
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7575
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7575
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7576
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7576
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7577
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7577
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7578
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7578
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7579
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7579
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7580
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7580
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7581
Read: a from pipe: 7581
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7582
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7582
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7583
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7583
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7584
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7584
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7585
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7585
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7586
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7586
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7587
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7587
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7588
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7588
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7589
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7589
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7590
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7590
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7591
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7591
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7592
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7592
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7593
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7593
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7594
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7594
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7595
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7595
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7596
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7596
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7597
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7597
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7598
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7598
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7599
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7599
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7600
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7600
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7601
Read: a from pipe: 7601
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7602
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7602
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7603
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7603
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7604
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7604
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7605
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7605
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7606
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7606
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7607
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7607
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7608
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7608
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7609
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7609
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7610
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7610
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7611
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7611
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7612
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7612
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7613
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7613
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7614
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7614
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7615
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7615
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7616
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7616
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7617
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7617
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7618
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7618
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7619
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7619
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7620
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7620
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7621
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7621
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7622
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7622
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7623
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7623
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7624
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7624
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7625
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7625
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7626
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7626
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7627
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7627
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7628
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7628
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7629
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7629
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7630
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7630
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7631
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7631
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7632
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7632
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7633
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7633
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7634
Read: a from pipe: 7634
completed write
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7635
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7635
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7636
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7636
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7637
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7637
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7638
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7638
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7639
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7639
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7640
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7640
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7641
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7641
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7642
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7642
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7643
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7643
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7644
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7644
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7645
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7645
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7646
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7646
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7647
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7647
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7648
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7648
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7649
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7649
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7650
Read: a from pipe: 7650
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7651
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7651
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7652
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7652
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7653
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7653
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7654
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7654
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7655
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7655
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7656
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7656
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7657
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7657
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7658
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7658
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7659
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7659
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7660
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7660
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7661
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7661
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7662
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7662
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7663
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7663
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7664
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7664
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7665
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7665
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7666
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7666
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7667
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7667
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7668
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7668
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7669
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7669
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7670
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7670
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7671
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7671
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7672
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7672
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7673
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7673
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7674
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7674
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7675
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7675
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7676
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7676
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7677
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7677
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7678
Read: a from pipe: 7678
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7679
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7679
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7680
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7680
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7681
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7681
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7682
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7682
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7683
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7683
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7684
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7684
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7685
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7685
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7686
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7686
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7687
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7687
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7688
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7688
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7689
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7689
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7690
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7690
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7691
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7691
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7692
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7692
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7693
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7693
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7694
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7694
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7695
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7695
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7696
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7696
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7697
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7697
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7698
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7698
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7699
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7699
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7700
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7700
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7701
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7701
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7702
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7702
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7703
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7703
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7704
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7704
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7705
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7705
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7706
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7706
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7707
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7707
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7708
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7708
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7709
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7709
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7710
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7710
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7711
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7711
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7712
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7712
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7713
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7713
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7714
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7714
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7715
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7715
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7716
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7716
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7717
Read: a from pipe: 7717
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7718
Read: a from pipe: 7718
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7719
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7719
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7720
Read: a from pipe: 7720
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7721
Read: a from pipe: 7721
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7722
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7722
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7723
Read: a from pipe: 7723
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7724
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7724
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7725
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7725
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7726
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7726
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7727
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7727
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7728
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7728
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7729
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7729
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7730
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7730
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7731
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7731
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7732
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7732
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7733
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7733
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7734
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7734
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7735
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7735
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7736
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7736
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7737
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7737
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7738
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7738
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7739
Read: a from pipe: 7739
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7740
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7740
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7741
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7741
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7742
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7742
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7743
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7743
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7744
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7744
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7745
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7745
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7746
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7746
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7747
Read: a from pipe: 7747
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7748
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7748
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7749
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7749
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7750
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7750
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7751
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7751
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7752
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7752
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7753
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7753
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7754
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7754
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7755
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7755
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7756
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7756
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7757
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7757
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7758
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7758
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7759
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7759
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7760
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7760
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7761
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7761
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7762
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7762
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7763
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7763
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7764
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7764
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7765
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7765
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7766
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7766
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7767
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7767
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7768
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7768
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7769
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7769
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7770
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7770
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7771
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7771
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7772
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7772
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7773
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7773
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7774
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7774
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7775
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7775
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7776
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7776
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7777
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7777
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7778
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7778
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7779
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7779
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7780
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7780
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7781
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7781
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7782
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7782
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7783
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7783
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7784
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7784
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7785
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7785
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7786
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7786
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7787
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7787
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7788
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7788
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7789
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7789
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7790
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7790
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7791
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7791
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7792
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7792
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7793
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7793
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7794
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7794
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7795
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7795
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7796
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7796
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7797
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7797
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7798
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7798
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7799
Read: a from pipe: 7799
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7800
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7800
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7801
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7801
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7802
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7802
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7803
Read: a from pipe: 7803
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7804
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7804
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7805
Read: a from pipe: 7805
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7806
Read: a from pipe: 7806
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7807
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7807
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7808
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7808
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7809
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7809
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7810
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7810
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7811
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7811
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7812
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7812
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7813
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7813
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7814
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7814
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7815
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7815
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7816
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7816
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7817
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7817
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7818
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7818
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7819
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7819
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7820
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7820
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7821
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7821
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7822
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7822
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7823
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7823
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7824
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7824
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7825
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7825
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7826
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7826
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7827
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7827
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7828
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7828
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7829
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7829
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7830
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7830
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7831
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7831
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7832
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7832
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7833
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7833
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7834
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7834
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7835
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7835
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7836
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7836
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7837
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7837
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7838
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7838
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7839
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7839
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7840
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7840
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7841
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7841
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7842
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7842
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7843
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7843
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7844
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7844
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7845
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7845
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7846
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7846
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7847
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7847
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7848
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7848
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7849
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7849
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7850
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7850
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7851
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7851
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7852
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7852
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7853
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7853
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7854
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7854
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7855
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7855
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7856
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7856
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7857
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7857
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7858
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7858
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7859
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7859
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7860
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7860
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7861
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7861
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7862
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7862
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7863
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7863
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7864
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7864
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7865
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7865
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7866
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7866
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7867
Read: a from pipe: 7867
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7868
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7868
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7869
Read: a from pipe: 7869
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7870
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7870
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7871
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7871
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7872
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7872
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7873
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7873
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7874
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7874
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7875
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7875
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7876
completed write
i=1
Read: a from pipe: 7876
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7877
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7877
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7878
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7878
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7879
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7879
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7880
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7880
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7881
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7881
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7882
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7882
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7883
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7883
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7884
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7884
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7885
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7885
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7886
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7886
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7887
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7887
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7888
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7888
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7889
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7889
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7890
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7890
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7891
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7891
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7892
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7892
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7893
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7893
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7894
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7894
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7895
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7895
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7896
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7896
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7897
Read: a from pipe: 7897
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7898
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7898
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7899
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7899
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7900
Read: a from pipe: 7900
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7901
Read: a from pipe: 7901
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7902
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7902
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7903
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7903
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7904
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7904
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7905
Read: a from pipe: 7905
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7906
Read: a from pipe: 7906
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7907
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7907
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7908
Read: a from pipe: 7908
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7909
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7909
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7910
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7910
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7911
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7911
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7912
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7912
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7913
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7913
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7914
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7914
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7915
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7915
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7916
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7916
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7917
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7917
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7918
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7918
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7919
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7919
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7920
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7920
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7921
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7921
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7922
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7922
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7923
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7923
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7924
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7924
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7925
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7925
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7926
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7926
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7927
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7927
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7928
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7928
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7929
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7929
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7930
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7930
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7931
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7931
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7932
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7932
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7933
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7933
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7934
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7934
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7935
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7935
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7936
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7936
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7937
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7937
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7938
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7938
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7939
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7939
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7940
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7940
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7941
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7941
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7942
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7942
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7943
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7943
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7944
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7944
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7945
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7945
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7946
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7946
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7947
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7947
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7948
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7948
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7949
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7949
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7950
Read: a from pipe: 7950
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7951
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7951
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7952
Read: a from pipe: 7952
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7953
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7953
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7954
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7954
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7955
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7955
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7956
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7956
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7957
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7957
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7958
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7958
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7959
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7959
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7960
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7960
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7961
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7961
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7962
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7962
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7963
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7963
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7964
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7964
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7965
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7965
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7966
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7966
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7967
Read: a from pipe: 7967
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7968
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7968
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7969
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7969
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7970
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7970
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7971
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7971
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7972
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7972
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7973
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7973
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7974
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7974
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7975
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7975
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7976
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7976
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7977
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7977
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7978
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7978
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7979
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7979
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7980
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7980
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7981
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7981
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7982
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7982
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7983
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7983
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7984
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7984
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7985
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7985
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7986
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7986
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7987
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7987
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7988
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7988
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7989
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7989
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7990
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7990
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7991
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7991
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7992
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7992
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7993
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7993
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7994
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7994
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7995
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7995
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7996
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7996
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7997
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7997
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7998
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7998
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 7999
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 7999
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8000
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8000
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8001
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8001
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8002
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8002
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8003
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8003
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8004
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8004
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8005
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8005
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8006
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8006
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8007
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8007
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8008
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8008
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8009
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8009
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8010
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8010
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8011
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8011
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8012
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8012
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8013
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8013
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8014
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8014
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8015
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8015
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8016
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8016
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8017
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8017
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8018
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8018
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8019
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8019
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8020
Read: a from pipe: 8020
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8021
Read: a from pipe: 8021
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8022
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8022
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8023
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8023
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8024
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8024
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8025
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8025
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8026
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8026
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8027
Read: a from pipe: 8027
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8028
Read: a from pipe: 8028
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8029
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8029
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8030
Read: a from pipe: 8030
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8031
Read: a from pipe: 8031
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8032
Read: a from pipe: 8032
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8033
Read: a from pipe: 8033
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8034
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8034
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8035
Read: a from pipe: 8035
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8036
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8036
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8037
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8037
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8038
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8038
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8039
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8039
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8040
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8040
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8041
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8041
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8042
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8042
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8043
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8043
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8044
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8044
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8045
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8045
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8046
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8046
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8047
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8047
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8048
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8048
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8049
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8049
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8050
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8050
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8051
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8051
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8052
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8052
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8053
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8053
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8054
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8054
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8055
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8055
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8056
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8056
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8057
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8057
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8058
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8058
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8059
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8059
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8060
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8060
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8061
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8061
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8062
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8062
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8063
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8063
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8064
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8064
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8065
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8065
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8066
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8066
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8067
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8067
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8068
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8068
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8069
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8069
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8070
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8070
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8071
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8071
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8072
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8072
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8073
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8073
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8074
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8074
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8075
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8075
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8076
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8076
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8077
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8077
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8078
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8078
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8079
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8079
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8080
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8080
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8081
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8081
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8082
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8082
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8083
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8083
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8084
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8084
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8085
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8085
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8086
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8086
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8087
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8087
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8088
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8088
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8089
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8089
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8090
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8090
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8091
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8091
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8092
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8092
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8093
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8093
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8094
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8094
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8095
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8095
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8096
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8096
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8097
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8097
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8098
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8098
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8099
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8099
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8100
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8100
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8101
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8101
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8102
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8102
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8103
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8103
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8104
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8104
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8105
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8105
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8106
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8106
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8107
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8107
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8108
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8108
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8109
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8109
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8110
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8110
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8111
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8111
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8112
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8112
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8113
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8113
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8114
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8114
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8115
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8115
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8116
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8116
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8117
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8117
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8118
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8118
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8119
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8119
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8120
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8120
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8121
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8121
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8122
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8122
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8123
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8123
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8124
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8124
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8125
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8125
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8126
Read: a from pipe: 8126
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8127
Read: a from pipe: 8127
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8128
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8128
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8129
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8129
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8130
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8130
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8131
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8131
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8132
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8132
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8133
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8133
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8134
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8134
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8135
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8135
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8136
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8136
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8137
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8137
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8138
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8138
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8139
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8139
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8140
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8140
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8141
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8141
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8142
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8142
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8143
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8143
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8144
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8144
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8145
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8145
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8146
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8146
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8147
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8147
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8148
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8148
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8149
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8149
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8150
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8150
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8151
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8151
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8152
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8152
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8153
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8153
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8154
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8154
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8155
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8155
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8156
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8156
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8157
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8157
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8158
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8158
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8159
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8159
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8160
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8160
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8161
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8161
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8162
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8162
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8163
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8163
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8164
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8164
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8165
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8165
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8166
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8166
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8167
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8167
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8168
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8168
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8169
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8169
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8170
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8170
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8171
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8171
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8172
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8172
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8173
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8173
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8174
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8174
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8175
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8175
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8176
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8176
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8177
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8177
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8178
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8178
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8179
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8179
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8180
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8180
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8181
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8181
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8182
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8182
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8183
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8183
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8184
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8184
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8185
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8185
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8186
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8186
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8187
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8187
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8188
Read: a from pipe: 8188
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8189
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8189
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8190
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8190
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8191
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8191
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8192
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8192
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8193
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8193
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8194
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8194
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8195
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8195
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8196
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8196
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8197
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8197
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8198
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8198
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8199
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8199
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8200
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8200
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8201
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8201
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8202
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8202
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8203
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8203
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8204
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8204
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8205
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8205
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8206
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8206
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8207
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8207
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8208
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8208
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8209
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8209
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8210
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8210
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8211
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8211
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8212
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8212
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8213
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8213
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8214
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8214
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8215
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8215
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8216
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8216
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8217
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8217
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8218
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8218
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8219
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8219
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8220
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8220
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8221
Read: a from pipe: 8221
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8222
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8222
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8223
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8223
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8224
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8224
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8225
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8225
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8226
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8226
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8227
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8227
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8228
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8228
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8229
Read: a from pipe: 8229
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8230
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8230
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8231
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8231
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8232
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8232
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8233
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8233
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8234
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8234
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8235
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8235
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8236
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8236
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8237
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8237
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8238
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8238
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8239
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8239
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8240
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8240
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8241
Read: a from pipe: 8241
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8242
Read: a from pipe: 8242
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8243
Read: a from pipe: 8243
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8244
Read: a from pipe: 8244
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8245
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8245
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8246
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8246
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8247
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8247
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8248
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8248
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8249
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8249
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8250
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8250
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8251
Read: a from pipe: 8251
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8252
Read: a from pipe: 8252
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8253
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8253
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8254
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8254
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8255
Read: a from pipe: 8255
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8256
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8256
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8257
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8257
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8258
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8258
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8259
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8259
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8260
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8260
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8261
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8261
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8262
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8262
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8263
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8263
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8264
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8264
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8265
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8265
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8266
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8266
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8267
Read: a from pipe: 8267
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8268
Read: a from pipe: 8268
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8269
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8269
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8270
Read: a from pipe: 8270
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8271
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8271
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8272
Read: a from pipe: 8272
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8273
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8273
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8274
Read: a from pipe: 8274
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8275
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8275
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8276
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8276
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8277
Read: a from pipe: 8277
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8278
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8278
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8279
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8279
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8280
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8280
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8281
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8281
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8282
Read: a from pipe: 8282
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8283
Read: a from pipe: 8283
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8284
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8284
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8285
Read: a from pipe: 8285
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8286
Read: a from pipe: 8286
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8287
Read: a from pipe: 8287
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8288
Read: a from pipe: 8288
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8289
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8289
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8290
Read: a from pipe: 8290
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8291
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8291
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8292
Read: a from pipe: 8292
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8293
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8293
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8294
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8294
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8295
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8295
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8296
Read: a from pipe: 8296
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8297
Read: a from pipe: 8297
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8298
Read: a from pipe: 8298
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8299
Read: a from pipe: 8299
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8300
Read: a from pipe: 8300
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8301
Read: a from pipe: 8301
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8302
Read: a from pipe: 8302
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8303
Read: a from pipe: 8303
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8304
Read: a from pipe: 8304
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8305
Read: a from pipe: 8305
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8306
Read: a from pipe: 8306
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8307
Read: a from pipe: 8307
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8308
Read: a from pipe: 8308
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8309
Read: a from pipe: 8309
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8310
Read: a from pipe: 8310
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8311
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8311
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8312
Read: a from pipe: 8312
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8313
Read: a from pipe: 8313
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8314
Read: a from pipe: 8314
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8315
Read: a from pipe: 8315
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8316
Read: a from pipe: 8316
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8317
Read: a from pipe: 8317
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8318
Read: a from pipe: 8318
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8319
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8319
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8320
Read: a from pipe: 8320
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8321
Read: a from pipe: 8321
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8322
Read: a from pipe: 8322
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8323
Read: a from pipe: 8323
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8324
Read: a from pipe: 8324
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8325
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8325
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8326
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8326
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8327
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8327
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8328
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8328
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8329
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8329
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8330
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8330
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8331
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8331
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8332
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8332
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8333
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8333
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8334
Read: a from pipe: 8334
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8335
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8335
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8336
Read: a from pipe: 8336
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8337
Read: a from pipe: 8337
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8338
Read: a from pipe: 8338
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8339
Read: a from pipe: 8339
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8340
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8340
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8341
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8341
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8342
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8342
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8343
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8343
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8344
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8344
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8345
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8345
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8346
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8346
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8347
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8347
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8348
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8348
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8349
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8349
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8350
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8350
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8351
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8351
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8352
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8352
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8353
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8353
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8354
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8354
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8355
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8355
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8356
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8356
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8357
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8357
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8358
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8358
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8359
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8359
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8360
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8360
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8361
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8361
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8362
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8362
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8363
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8363
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8364
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8364
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8365
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8365
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8366
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8366
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8367
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8367
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8368
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8368
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8369
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8369
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8370
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8370
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8371
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8371
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8372
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8372
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8373
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8373
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8374
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8374
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8375
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8375
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8376
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8376
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8377
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8377
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8378
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8378
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8379
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8379
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8380
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8380
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8381
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8381
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8382
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8382
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8383
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8383
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8384
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8384
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8385
Read: a from pipe: 8385
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8386
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8386
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8387
completed write
i=2
Read: a from pipe: 8387
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8388
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8388
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8389
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8389
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8390
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8390
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8391
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8391
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8392
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8392
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8393
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8393
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8394
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8394
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8395
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8395
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8396
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8396
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8397
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8397
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8398
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8398
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8399
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8399
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8400
opened for read
completed write
i=0
Read: a from pipe: 8400
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8401
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8401
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8402
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8402
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8403
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8403
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8404
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8404
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8405
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8405
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8406
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8406
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8407
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8407
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8408
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8408
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8409
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8409
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8410
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8410
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8411
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8411
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8412
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8412
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8413
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8413
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8414
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8414
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8415
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8415
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8416
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8416
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8417
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8417
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8418
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8418
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8419
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8419
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8420
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8420
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8421
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8421
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8422
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8422
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8423
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8423
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8424
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8424
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8425
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8425
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8426
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8426
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8427
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8427
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8428
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8428
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8429
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8429
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8430
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8430
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8431
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8431
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8432
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8432
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8433
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8433
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8434
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8434
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8435
Read: a from pipe: 8435
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8436
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8436
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8437
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8437
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8438
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8438
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8439
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8439
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8440
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8440
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8441
Read: a from pipe: 8441
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8442
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8442
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8443
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8443
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8444
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8444
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8445
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8445
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8446
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8446
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8447
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8447
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8448
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8448
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8449
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8449
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8450
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8450
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8451
Read: a from pipe: 8451
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8452
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8452
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8453
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8453
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8454
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8454
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8455
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8455
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8456
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8456
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8457
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8457
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8458
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8458
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8459
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8459
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8460
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8460
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8461
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8461
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8462
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8462
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8463
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8463
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8464
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8464
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8465
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8465
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8466
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8466
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8467
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8467
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8468
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8468
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8469
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8469
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8470
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8470
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8471
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8471
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8472
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8472
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8473
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8473
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8474
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8474
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8475
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8475
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8476
Read: a from pipe: 8476
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8477
Read: a from pipe: 8477
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8478
Read: a from pipe: 8478
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8479
Read: a from pipe: 8479
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8480
Read: a from pipe: 8480
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8481
Read: a from pipe: 8481
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8482
Read: a from pipe: 8482
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8483
Read: a from pipe: 8483
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8484
Read: a from pipe: 8484
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8485
Read: a from pipe: 8485
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8486
Read: a from pipe: 8486
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8487
Read: a from pipe: 8487
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8488
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8488
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8489
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8489
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8490
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8490
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8491
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8491
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8492
Read: a from pipe: 8492
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8493
Read: a from pipe: 8493
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8494
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8494
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8495
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8495
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8496
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8496
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8497
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8497
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8498
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8498
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8499
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8499
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8500
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8500
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8501
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8501
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8502
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8502
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8503
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8503
completed read
in cleanup overhead
in initialise_overhead
in benchmark overhead
iterations 1130
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8504
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8504
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8505
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8505
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8506
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8506
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8507
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8507
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8508
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8508
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8509
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8509
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8510
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8510
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8511
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8511
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8512
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8512
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8513
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8513
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8514
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8514
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8515
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8515
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8516
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8516
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8517
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8517
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8518
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8518
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8519
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8519
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8520
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8520
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8521
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8521
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8522
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8522
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8523
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8523
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8524
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8524
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8525
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8525
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8526
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8526
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8527
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8527
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8528
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8528
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8529
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8529
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8530
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8530
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8531
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8531
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8532
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8532
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8533
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8533
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8534
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8534
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8535
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8535
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8536
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8536
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8537
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8537
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8538
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8538
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8539
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8539
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8540
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8540
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8541
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8541
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8542
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8542
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8543
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8543
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8544
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8544
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8545
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8545
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8546
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8546
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8547
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8547
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8548
Read: a from pipe: 8548
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8549
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8549
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8550
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8550
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8551
Read: a from pipe: 8551
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8552
Read: a from pipe: 8552
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8553
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8553
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8554
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8554
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8555
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8555
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8556
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8556
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8557
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8557
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8558
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8558
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8559
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8559
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8560
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8560
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8561
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8561
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8562
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8562
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8563
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8563
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8564
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8564
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8565
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8565
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8566
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8566
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8567
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8567
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8568
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8568
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8569
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8569
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8570
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8570
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8571
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8571
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8572
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8572
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8573
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8573
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8574
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8574
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8575
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8575
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8576
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8576
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8577
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8577
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8578
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8578
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8579
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8579
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8580
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8580
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8581
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8581
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8582
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8582
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8583
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8583
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8584
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8584
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8585
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8585
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8586
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8586
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8587
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8587
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8588
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8588
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8589
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8589
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8590
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8590
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8591
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8591
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8592
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8592
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8593
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8593
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8594
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8594
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8595
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8595
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8596
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8596
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8597
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8597
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8598
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8598
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8599
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8599
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8600
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8600
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8601
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8601
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8602
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8602
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8603
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8603
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8604
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8604
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8605
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8605
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8606
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8606
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8607
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8607
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8608
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8608
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8609
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8609
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8610
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8610
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8611
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8611
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8612
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8612
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8613
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8613
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8614
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8614
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8615
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8615
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8616
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8616
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8617
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8617
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8618
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8618
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8619
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8619
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8620
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8620
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8621
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8621
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8622
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8622
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8623
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8623
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8624
Read: a from pipe: 8624
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8625
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8625
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8626
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8626
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8627
Read: a from pipe: 8627
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8628
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8628
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8629
Read: a from pipe: 8629
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8630
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8630
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8631
Read: a from pipe: 8631
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8632
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8632
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8633
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8633
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8634
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8634
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8635
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8635
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8636
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8636
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8637
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8637
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8638
Read: a from pipe: 8638
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8639
Read: a from pipe: 8639
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8640
Read: a from pipe: 8640
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8641
Read: a from pipe: 8641
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8642
Read: a from pipe: 8642
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8643
Read: a from pipe: 8643
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8644
Read: a from pipe: 8644
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8645
Read: a from pipe: 8645
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8646
Read: a from pipe: 8646
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8647
Read: a from pipe: 8647
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8648
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8648
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8649
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8649
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8650
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8650
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8651
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8651
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8652
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8652
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8653
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8653
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8654
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8654
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8655
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8655
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8656
Read: a from pipe: 8656
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8657
Read: a from pipe: 8657
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8658
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8658
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8659
completed write
i=0
Read: a from pipe: 8659
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8660
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8660
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8661
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8661
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8662
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8662
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8663
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8663
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8664
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8664
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8665
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8665
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8666
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8666
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8667
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8667
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8668
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8668
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8669
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8669
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8670
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8670
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8671
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8671
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8672
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8672
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8673
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8673
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8674
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8674
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8675
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8675
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8676
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8676
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8677
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8677
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8678
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8678
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8679
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8679
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8680
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8680
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8681
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8681
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8682
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8682
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8683
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8683
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8684
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8684
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8685
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8685
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8686
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8686
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8687
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8687
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8688
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8688
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8689
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8689
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8690
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8690
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8691
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8691
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8692
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8692
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8693
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8693
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8694
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8694
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8695
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8695
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8696
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8696
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8697
Read: a from pipe: 8697
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8698
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8698
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8699
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8699
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8700
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8700
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8701
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8701
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8702
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8702
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8703
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8703
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8704
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8704
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8705
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8705
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8706
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8706
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8707
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8707
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8708
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8708
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8709
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8709
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8710
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8710
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8711
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8711
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8712
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8712
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8713
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8713
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8714
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8714
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8715
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8715
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8716
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8716
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8717
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8717
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8718
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8718
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8719
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8719
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8720
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8720
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8721
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8721
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8722
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8722
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8723
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8723
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8724
Read: a from pipe: 8724
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8725
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8725
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8726
Read: a from pipe: 8726
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8727
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8727
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8728
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8728
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8729
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8729
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8730
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8730
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8731
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8731
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8732
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8732
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8733
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8733
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8734
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8734
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8735
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8735
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8736
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8736
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8737
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8737
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8738
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8738
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8739
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8739
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8740
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8740
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8741
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8741
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8742
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8742
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8743
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8743
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8744
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8744
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8745
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8745
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8746
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8746
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8747
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8747
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8748
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8748
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8749
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8749
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8750
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8750
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8751
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8751
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8752
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8752
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8753
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8753
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8754
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8754
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8755
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8755
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8756
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8756
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8757
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8757
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8758
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8758
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8759
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8759
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8760
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8760
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8761
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8761
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8762
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8762
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8763
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8763
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8764
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8764
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8765
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8765
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8766
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8766
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8767
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8767
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8768
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8768
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8769
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8769
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8770
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8770
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8771
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8771
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8772
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8772
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8773
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8773
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8774
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8774
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8775
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8775
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8776
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8776
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8777
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8777
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8778
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8778
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8779
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8779
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8780
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8780
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8781
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8781
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8782
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8782
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8783
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8783
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8784
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8784
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8785
Read: a from pipe: 8785
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8786
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8786
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8787
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8787
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8788
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8788
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8789
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8789
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8790
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8790
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8791
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8791
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8792
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8792
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8793
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8793
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8794
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8794
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8795
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8795
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8796
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8796
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8797
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8797
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8798
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8798
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8799
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8799
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8800
Read: a from pipe: 8800
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8801
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8801
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8802
Read: a from pipe: 8802
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8803
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8803
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8804
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8804
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8805
Read: a from pipe: 8805
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8806
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8806
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8807
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8807
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8808
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8808
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8809
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8809
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8810
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8810
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8811
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8811
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8812
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8812
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8813
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8813
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8814
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8814
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8815
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8815
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8816
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8816
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8817
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8817
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8818
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8818
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8819
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8819
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8820
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8820
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8821
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8821
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8822
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8822
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8823
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8823
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8824
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8824
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8825
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8825
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8826
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8826
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8827
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8827
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8828
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8828
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8829
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8829
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8830
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8830
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8831
Read: a from pipe: 8831
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8832
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8832
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8833
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8833
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8834
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8834
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8835
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8835
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8836
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8836
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8837
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8837
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8838
Read: a from pipe: 8838
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8839
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8839
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8840
Read: a from pipe: 8840
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8841
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8841
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8842
Read: a from pipe: 8842
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8843
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8843
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8844
Read: a from pipe: 8844
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8845
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8845
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8846
Read: a from pipe: 8846
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8847
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8847
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8848
Read: a from pipe: 8848
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8849
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8849
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8850
Read: a from pipe: 8850
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8851
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8851
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8852
Read: a from pipe: 8852
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8853
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8853
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8854
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8854
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8855
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8855
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8856
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8856
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8857
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8857
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8858
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8858
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8859
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8859
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8860
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8860
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8861
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8861
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8862
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8862
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8863
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8863
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8864
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8864
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8865
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8865
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8866
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8866
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8867
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8867
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8868
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8868
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8869
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8869
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8870
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8870
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8871
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8871
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8872
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8872
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8873
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8873
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8874
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8874
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8875
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8875
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8876
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8876
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8877
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8877
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8878
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8878
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8879
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8879
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8880
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8880
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8881
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8881
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8882
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8882
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8883
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8883
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8884
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8884
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8885
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8885
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8886
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8886
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8887
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8887
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8888
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8888
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8889
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8889
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8890
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8890
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8891
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8891
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8892
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8892
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8893
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8893
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8894
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8894
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8895
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8895
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8896
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8896
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8897
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8897
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8898
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8898
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8899
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8899
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8900
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8900
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8901
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8901
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8902
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8902
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8903
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8903
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8904
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8904
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8905
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8905
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8906
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8906
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8907
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8907
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8908
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8908
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8909
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8909
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8910
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8910
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8911
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8911
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8912
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8912
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8913
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8913
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8914
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8914
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8915
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8915
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8916
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8916
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8917
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8917
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8918
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8918
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8919
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8919
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8920
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8920
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8921
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8921
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8922
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8922
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8923
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8923
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8924
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8924
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8925
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8925
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8926
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8926
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8927
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8927
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8928
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8928
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8929
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8929
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8930
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8930
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8931
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8931
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8932
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8932
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8933
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8933
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8934
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8934
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8935
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8935
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8936
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8936
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8937
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8937
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8938
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8938
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8939
completed write
i=1
Read: a from pipe: 8939
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8940
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8940
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8941
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8941
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8942
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8942
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8943
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8943
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8944
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8944
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8945
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8945
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8946
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8946
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8947
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8947
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8948
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8948
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8949
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8949
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8950
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8950
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8951
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8951
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8952
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8952
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8953
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8953
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8954
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8954
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8955
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8955
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8956
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8956
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8957
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8957
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8958
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8958
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8959
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8959
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8960
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8960
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8961
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8961
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8962
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8962
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8963
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8963
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8964
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8964
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8965
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8965
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8966
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8966
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8967
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8967
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8968
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8968
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8969
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8969
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8970
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8970
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8971
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8971
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8972
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8972
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8973
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8973
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8974
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8974
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8975
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8975
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8976
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8976
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8977
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8977
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8978
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8978
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8979
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8979
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8980
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8980
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8981
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8981
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8982
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8982
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8983
Read: a from pipe: 8983
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8984
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8984
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8985
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8985
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8986
Read: a from pipe: 8986
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8987
Read: a from pipe: 8987
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8988
Read: a from pipe: 8988
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8989
Read: a from pipe: 8989
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8990
Read: a from pipe: 8990
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8991
Read: a from pipe: 8991
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8992
Read: a from pipe: 8992
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8993
Read: a from pipe: 8993
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8994
Read: a from pipe: 8994
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8995
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8995
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8996
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8996
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8997
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8997
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8998
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8998
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 8999
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 8999
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9000
Read: a from pipe: 9000
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9001
Read: a from pipe: 9001
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9002
Read: a from pipe: 9002
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9003
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9003
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9004
Read: a from pipe: 9004
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9005
Read: a from pipe: 9005
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9006
Read: a from pipe: 9006
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9007
Read: a from pipe: 9007
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9008
Read: a from pipe: 9008
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9009
Read: a from pipe: 9009
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9010
Read: a from pipe: 9010
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9011
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9011
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9012
Read: a from pipe: 9012
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9013
Read: a from pipe: 9013
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9014
Read: a from pipe: 9014
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9015
Read: a from pipe: 9015
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9016
Read: a from pipe: 9016
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9017
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9017
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9018
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9018
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9019
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9019
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9020
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9020
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9021
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9021
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9022
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9022
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9023
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9023
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9024
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9024
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9025
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9025
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9026
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9026
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9027
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9027
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9028
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9028
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9029
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9029
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9030
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9030
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9031
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9031
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9032
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9032
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9033
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9033
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9034
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9034
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9035
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9035
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9036
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9036
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9037
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9037
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9038
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9038
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9039
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9039
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9040
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9040
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9041
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9041
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9042
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9042
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9043
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9043
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9044
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9044
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9045
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9045
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9046
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9046
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9047
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9047
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9048
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9048
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9049
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9049
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9050
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9050
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9051
Read: a from pipe: 9051
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9052
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9052
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9053
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9053
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9054
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9054
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9055
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9055
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9056
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9056
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9057
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9057
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9058
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9058
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9059
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9059
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9060
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9060
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9061
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9061
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9062
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9062
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9063
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9063
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9064
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9064
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9065
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9065
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9066
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9066
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9067
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9067
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9068
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9068
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9069
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9069
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9070
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9070
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9071
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9071
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9072
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9072
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9073
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9073
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9074
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9074
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9075
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9075
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9076
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9076
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9077
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9077
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9078
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9078
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9079
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9079
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9080
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9080
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9081
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9081
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9082
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9082
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9083
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9083
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9084
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9084
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9085
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9085
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9086
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9086
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9087
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9087
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9088
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9088
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9089
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9089
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9090
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9090
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9091
Read: a from pipe: 9091
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9092
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9092
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9093
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9093
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9094
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9094
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9095
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9095
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9096
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9096
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9097
Read: a from pipe: 9097
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9098
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9098
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9099
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9099
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9100
Read: a from pipe: 9100
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9101
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9101
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9102
Read: a from pipe: 9102
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9103
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9103
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9104
Read: a from pipe: 9104
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9105
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9105
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9106
Read: a from pipe: 9106
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9107
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9107
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9108
Read: a from pipe: 9108
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9109
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9109
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9110
Read: a from pipe: 9110
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9111
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9111
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9112
Read: a from pipe: 9112
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9113
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9113
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9114
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9114
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9115
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9115
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9116
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9116
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9117
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9117
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9118
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9118
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9119
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9119
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9120
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9120
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9121
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9121
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9122
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9122
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9123
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9123
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9124
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9124
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9125
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9125
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9126
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9126
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9127
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9127
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9128
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9128
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9129
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9129
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9130
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9130
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9131
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9131
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9132
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9132
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9133
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9133
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9134
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9134
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9135
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9135
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9136
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9136
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for write
opened for read
Wrote: a to pipe: 9137
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9137
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9138
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9138
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9139
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9139
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9140
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9140
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9141
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9141
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9142
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9142
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9143
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9143
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9144
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9144
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9145
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9145
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9146
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9146
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9147
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9147
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9148
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9148
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9149
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9149
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9150
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9150
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9151
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9151
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9152
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9152
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9153
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9153
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9154
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9154
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9155
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9155
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9156
Read: a from pipe: 9156
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9157
Read: a from pipe: 9157
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9158
Read: a from pipe: 9158
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9159
Read: a from pipe: 9159
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9160
Read: a from pipe: 9160
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9161
Read: a from pipe: 9161
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9162
Read: a from pipe: 9162
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9163
Read: a from pipe: 9163
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9164
Read: a from pipe: 9164
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9165
Read: a from pipe: 9165
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9166
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9166
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9167
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9167
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9168
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9168
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9169
Read: a from pipe: 9169
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9170
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9170
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9171
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9171
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9172
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9172
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9173
Read: a from pipe: 9173
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9174
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9174
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9175
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9175
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9176
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9176
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9177
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9177
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9178
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9178
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9179
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9179
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9180
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9180
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9181
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9181
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9182
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9182
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9183
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9183
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9184
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9184
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9185
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9185
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9186
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9186
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9187
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9187
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9188
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9188
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9189
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9189
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9190
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9190
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9191
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9191
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9192
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9192
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9193
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9193
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9194
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9194
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9195
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9195
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9196
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9196
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9197
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9197
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9198
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9198
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9199
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9199
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9200
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9200
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9201
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9201
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9202
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9202
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9203
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9203
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9204
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9204
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9205
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9205
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9206
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9206
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9207
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9207
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9208
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9208
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9209
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9209
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9210
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9210
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9211
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9211
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9212
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9212
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9213
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9213
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9214
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9214
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9215
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9215
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9216
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9216
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9217
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9217
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9218
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9218
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9219
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9219
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9220
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9220
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9221
Read: a from pipe: 9221
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9222
Read: a from pipe: 9222
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9223
Read: a from pipe: 9223
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9224
Read: a from pipe: 9224
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9225
Read: a from pipe: 9225
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9226
Read: a from pipe: 9226
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9227
Read: a from pipe: 9227
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9228
Read: a from pipe: 9228
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9229
Read: a from pipe: 9229
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9230
Read: a from pipe: 9230
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9231
Read: a from pipe: 9231
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9232
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9232
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9233
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9233
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9234
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9234
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9235
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9235
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9236
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9236
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9237
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9237
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9238
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9238
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9239
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9239
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9240
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9240
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9241
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9241
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9242
Read: a from pipe: 9242
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9243
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9243
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9244
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9244
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9245
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9245
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9246
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9246
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9247
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9247
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9248
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9248
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9249
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9249
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9250
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9250
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9251
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9251
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9252
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9252
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9253
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9253
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9254
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9254
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9255
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9255
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9256
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9256
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9257
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9257
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9258
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9258
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9259
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9259
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9260
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9260
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9261
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9261
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9262
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9262
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9263
Read: a from pipe: 9263
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9264
Read: a from pipe: 9264
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9265
Read: a from pipe: 9265
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9266
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9266
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9267
Read: a from pipe: 9267
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9268
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9268
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9269
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9269
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9270
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9270
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9271
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9271
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9272
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9272
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9273
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9273
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9274
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9274
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9275
Read: a from pipe: 9275
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9276
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9276
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9277
Read: a from pipe: 9277
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9278
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9278
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9279
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9279
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9280
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9280
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9281
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9281
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9282
Read: a from pipe: 9282
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9283
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9283
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9284
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9284
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9285
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9285
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9286
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9286
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9287
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9287
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9288
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9288
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9289
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9289
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9290
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9290
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9291
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9291
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9292
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9292
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9293
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9293
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9294
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9294
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9295
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9295
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9296
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9296
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9297
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9297
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9298
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9298
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9299
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9299
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9300
Read: a from pipe: 9300
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9301
Read: a from pipe: 9301
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9302
Read: a from pipe: 9302
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9303
Read: a from pipe: 9303
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9304
Read: a from pipe: 9304
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9305
Read: a from pipe: 9305
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9306
Read: a from pipe: 9306
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9307
Read: a from pipe: 9307
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9308
Read: a from pipe: 9308
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9309
Read: a from pipe: 9309
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9310
Read: a from pipe: 9310
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9311
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9311
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9312
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9312
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9313
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9313
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9314
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9314
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9315
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9315
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9316
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9316
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9317
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9317
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9318
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9318
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9319
Read: a from pipe: 9319
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9320
Read: a from pipe: 9320
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9321
Read: a from pipe: 9321
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9322
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9322
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9323
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9323
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9324
Read: a from pipe: 9324
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9325
Read: a from pipe: 9325
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9326
Read: a from pipe: 9326
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9327
Read: a from pipe: 9327
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9328
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9328
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9329
Read: a from pipe: 9329
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9330
Read: a from pipe: 9330
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9331
Read: a from pipe: 9331
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9332
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9332
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9333
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9333
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9334
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9334
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9335
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9335
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9336
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9336
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9337
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9337
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9338
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9338
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9339
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9339
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9340
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9340
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9341
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9341
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9342
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9342
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9343
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9343
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9344
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9344
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9345
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9345
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9346
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9346
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9347
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9347
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9348
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9348
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9349
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9349
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9350
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9350
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9351
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9351
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9352
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9352
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9353
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9353
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9354
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9354
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9355
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9355
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9356
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9356
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9357
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9357
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9358
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9358
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9359
Read: a from pipe: 9359
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9360
Read: a from pipe: 9360
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9361
Read: a from pipe: 9361
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9362
Read: a from pipe: 9362
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9363
Read: a from pipe: 9363
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9364
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9364
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9365
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9365
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9366
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9366
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9367
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9367
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9368
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9368
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9369
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9369
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9370
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9370
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9371
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9371
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9372
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9372
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9373
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9373
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9374
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9374
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9375
Read: a from pipe: 9375
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9376
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9376
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9377
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9377
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9378
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9378
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9379
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9379
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9380
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9380
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9381
Read: a from pipe: 9381
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9382
Read: a from pipe: 9382
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9383
Read: a from pipe: 9383
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9384
Read: a from pipe: 9384
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9385
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9385
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9386
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9386
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9387
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9387
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9388
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9388
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9389
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9389
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9390
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9390
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9391
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9391
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9392
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9392
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9393
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9393
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9394
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9394
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9395
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9395
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9396
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9396
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9397
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9397
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9398
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9398
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9399
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9399
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9400
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9400
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9401
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9401
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9402
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9402
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9403
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9403
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9404
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9404
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9405
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9405
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9406
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9406
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9407
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9407
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9408
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9408
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9409
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9409
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9410
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9410
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9411
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9411
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9412
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9412
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9413
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9413
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9414
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9414
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9415
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9415
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9416
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9416
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9417
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9417
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9418
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9418
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9419
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9419
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9420
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9420
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9421
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9421
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9422
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9422
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9423
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9423
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9424
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9424
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9425
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9425
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9426
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9426
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9427
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9427
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9428
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9428
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9429
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9429
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9430
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9430
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9431
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9431
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9432
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9432
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9433
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9433
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9434
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9434
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9435
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9435
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9436
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9436
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9437
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9437
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9438
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9438
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9439
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9439
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9440
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9440
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9441
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9441
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9442
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9442
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9443
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9443
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9444
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9444
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9445
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9445
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9446
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9446
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9447
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9447
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9448
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9448
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9449
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9449
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9450
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9450
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9451
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9451
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9452
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9452
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9453
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9453
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9454
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9454
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9455
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9455
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9456
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9456
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9457
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9457
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9458
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9458
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9459
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9459
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9460
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9460
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9461
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9461
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9462
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9462
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9463
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9463
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9464
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9464
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9465
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9465
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9466
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9466
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9467
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9467
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9468
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9468
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9469
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9469
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9470
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9470
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9471
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9471
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9472
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9472
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9473
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9473
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9474
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9474
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9475
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9475
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9476
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9476
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9477
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9477
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9478
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9478
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9479
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9479
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9480
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9480
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9481
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9481
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9482
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9482
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9483
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9483
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9484
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9484
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9485
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9485
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9486
Read: a from pipe: 9486
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9487
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9487
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9488
Read: a from pipe: 9488
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9489
Read: a from pipe: 9489
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9490
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9490
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9491
Read: a from pipe: 9491
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9492
Read: a from pipe: 9492
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9493
Read: a from pipe: 9493
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9494
Read: a from pipe: 9494
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9495
Read: a from pipe: 9495
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9496
Read: a from pipe: 9496
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9497
Read: a from pipe: 9497
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9498
Read: a from pipe: 9498
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9499
Read: a from pipe: 9499
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9500
Read: a from pipe: 9500
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9501
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9501
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9502
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9502
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9503
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9503
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9504
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9504
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9505
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9505
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9506
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9506
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9507
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9507
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9508
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9508
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9509
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9509
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9510
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9510
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9511
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9511
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9512
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9512
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9513
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9513
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9514
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9514
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9515
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9515
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9516
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9516
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9517
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9517
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9518
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9518
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9519
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9519
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9520
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9520
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9521
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9521
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9522
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9522
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9523
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9523
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9524
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9524
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9525
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9525
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9526
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9526
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9527
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9527
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9528
Read: a from pipe: 9528
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9529
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9529
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9530
Read: a from pipe: 9530
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9531
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9531
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9532
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9532
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9533
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9533
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9534
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9534
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9535
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9535
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9536
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9536
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9537
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9537
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9538
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9538
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9539
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9539
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9540
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9540
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9541
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9541
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9542
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9542
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9543
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9543
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9544
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9544
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9545
Read: a from pipe: 9545
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9546
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9546
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9547
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9547
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9548
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9548
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9549
Read: a from pipe: 9549
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9550
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9550
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9551
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9551
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9552
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9552
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9553
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9553
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9554
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9554
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9555
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9555
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9556
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9556
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9557
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9557
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9558
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9558
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9559
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9559
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9560
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9560
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9561
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9561
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9562
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9562
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9563
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9563
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9564
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9564
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for write
opened for read
Wrote: a to pipe: 9565
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9565
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9566
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9566
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9567
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9567
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9568
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9568
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9569
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9569
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9570
Read: a from pipe: 9570
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9571
Read: a from pipe: 9571
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9572
Read: a from pipe: 9572
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9573
Read: a from pipe: 9573
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9574
Read: a from pipe: 9574
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9575
Read: a from pipe: 9575
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9576
Read: a from pipe: 9576
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9577
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9577
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9578
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9578
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9579
Read: a from pipe: 9579
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9580
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9580
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9581
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9581
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9582
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9582
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9583
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9583
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9584
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9584
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9585
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9585
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9586
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9586
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9587
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9587
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9588
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9588
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9589
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9589
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9590
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9590
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9591
Read: a from pipe: 9591
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9592
Read: a from pipe: 9592
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9593
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9593
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9594
Read: a from pipe: 9594
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9595
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9595
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9596
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9596
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9597
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9597
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9598
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9598
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9599
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9599
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9600
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9600
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9601
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9601
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9602
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9602
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9603
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9603
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9604
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9604
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9605
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9605
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9606
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9606
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9607
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9607
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9608
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9608
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9609
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9609
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9610
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9610
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9611
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9611
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9612
Read: a from pipe: 9612
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9613
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9613
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9614
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9614
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9615
Read: a from pipe: 9615
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9616
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9616
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9617
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9617
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9618
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9618
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9619
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9619
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9620
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9620
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9621
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9621
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9622
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9622
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9623
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9623
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9624
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9624
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9625
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9625
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9626
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9626
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9627
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9627
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9628
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9628
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9629
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9629
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9630
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9630
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9631
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9631
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9632
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9632
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9633
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9633
completed read
in cleanup overhead
in initialise_overhead
in benchmark overhead
iterations 1337
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9634
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9634
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9635
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9635
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9636
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9636
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9637
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9637
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9638
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9638
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9639
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9639
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9640
Read: a from pipe: 9640
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9641
Read: a from pipe: 9641
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9642
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9642
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9643
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9643
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9644
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9644
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9645
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9645
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9646
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9646
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9647
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9647
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9648
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9648
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9649
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9649
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9650
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9650
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9651
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9651
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9652
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9652
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9653
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9653
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9654
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9654
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9655
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9655
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9656
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9656
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9657
Read: a from pipe: 9657
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9658
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9658
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9659
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9659
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9660
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9660
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9661
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9661
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9662
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9662
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9663
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9663
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9664
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9664
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9665
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9665
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9666
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9666
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9667
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9667
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9668
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9668
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9669
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9669
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9670
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9670
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9671
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9671
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9672
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9672
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9673
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9673
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9674
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9674
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9675
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9675
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9676
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9676
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9677
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9677
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9678
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9678
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9679
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9679
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9680
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9680
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9681
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9681
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9682
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9682
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9683
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9683
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9684
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9684
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9685
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9685
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9686
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9686
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9687
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9687
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9688
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9688
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9689
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9689
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9690
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9690
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9691
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9691
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9692
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9692
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9693
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9693
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9694
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9694
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9695
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9695
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9696
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9696
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9697
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9697
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9698
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9698
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9699
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9699
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9700
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9700
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9701
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9701
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9702
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9702
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9703
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9703
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9704
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9704
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9705
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9705
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Read: a from pipe: 9706
completed read
Wrote: a to pipe: 9706
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9707
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9707
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9708
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9708
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9709
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9709
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9710
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9710
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9711
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9711
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9712
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9712
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9713
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9713
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9714
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9714
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9715
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9715
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9716
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9716
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9717
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9717
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9718
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9718
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9719
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9719
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9720
Read: a from pipe: 9720
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9721
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9721
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9722
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9722
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9723
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9723
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9724
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9724
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9725
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9725
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9726
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9726
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9727
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9727
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9728
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9728
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9729
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9729
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9730
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9730
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9731
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9731
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9732
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9732
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9733
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9733
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9734
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9734
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9735
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9735
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9736
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9736
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9737
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9737
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9738
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9738
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9739
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9739
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9740
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9740
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9741
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9741
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9742
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9742
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9743
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9743
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9744
Read: a from pipe: 9744
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9745
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9745
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9746
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9746
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9747
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9747
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9748
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9748
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9749
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9749
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9750
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9750
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9751
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9751
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9752
completed write
i=2
Read: a from pipe: 9752
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9753
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9753
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9754
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9754
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9755
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9755
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9756
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9756
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9757
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9757
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9758
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9758
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9759
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9759
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9760
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9760
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9761
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9761
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9762
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9762
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9763
Read: a from pipe: 9763
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9764
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9764
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9765
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9765
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9766
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9766
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9767
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9767
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9768
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9768
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9769
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9769
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9770
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9770
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9771
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9771
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9772
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9772
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9773
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9773
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9774
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9774
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9775
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9775
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9776
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9776
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9777
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9777
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9778
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9778
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9779
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9779
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9780
Read: a from pipe: 9780
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9781
Read: a from pipe: 9781
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9782
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9782
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9783
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9783
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9784
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9784
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9785
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9785
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9786
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9786
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9787
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9787
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9788
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9788
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9789
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9789
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9790
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9790
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9791
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9791
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9792
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9792
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9793
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9793
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9794
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9794
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9795
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9795
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9796
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9796
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9797
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9797
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9798
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9798
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9799
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9799
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9800
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9800
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9801
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9801
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9802
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9802
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9803
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9803
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9804
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9804
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9805
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9805
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9806
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9806
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9807
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9807
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9808
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9808
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9809
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9809
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9810
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9810
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9811
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9811
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9812
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9812
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9813
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9813
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9814
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9814
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9815
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9815
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9816
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9816
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9817
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9817
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9818
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9818
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9819
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9819
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9820
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9820
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9821
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9821
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9822
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9822
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9823
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9823
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9824
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9824
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9825
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9825
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9826
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9826
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9827
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9827
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9828
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9828
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9829
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9829
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9830
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9830
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9831
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9831
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9832
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9832
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9833
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9833
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9834
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9834
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9835
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9835
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9836
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9836
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9837
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9837
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9838
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9838
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9839
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9839
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9840
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9840
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9841
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9841
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9842
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9842
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9843
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9843
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9844
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9844
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9845
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9845
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9846
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9846
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9847
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9847
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9848
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9848
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9849
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9849
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9850
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9850
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9851
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9851
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9852
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9852
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9853
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9853
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9854
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9854
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9855
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9855
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9856
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9856
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9857
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9857
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9858
Read: a from pipe: 9858
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9859
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9859
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9860
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9860
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9861
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9861
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9862
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9862
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9863
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9863
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9864
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9864
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9865
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9865
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9866
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9866
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9867
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9867
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9868
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9868
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9869
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9869
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9870
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9870
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9871
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9871
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9872
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9872
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9873
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9873
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9874
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9874
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9875
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9875
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9876
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9876
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9877
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9877
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9878
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9878
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9879
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9879
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9880
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9880
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9881
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9881
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9882
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9882
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9883
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9883
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9884
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9884
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9885
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9885
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9886
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9886
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9887
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9887
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9888
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9888
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9889
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9889
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9890
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9890
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9891
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9891
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9892
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9892
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9893
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9893
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9894
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9894
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9895
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9895
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9896
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9896
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9897
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9897
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9898
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9898
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9899
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9899
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9900
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9900
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9901
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9901
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9902
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9902
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9903
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9903
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9904
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9904
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9905
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9905
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9906
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9906
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9907
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9907
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9908
Read: a from pipe: 9908
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9909
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9909
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9910
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9910
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9911
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9911
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9912
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9912
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9913
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9913
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9914
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9914
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9915
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9915
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9916
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9916
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9917
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9917
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9918
Read: a from pipe: 9918
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9919
Read: a from pipe: 9919
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9920
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9920
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9921
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9921
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9922
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9922
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9923
Read: a from pipe: 9923
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9924
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9924
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9925
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9925
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9926
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9926
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9927
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9927
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9928
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9928
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9929
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9929
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Read: a from pipe: 9930
completed read
Wrote: a to pipe: 9930
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9931
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9931
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9932
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9932
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9933
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9933
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9934
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9934
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9935
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9935
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9936
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9936
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9937
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9937
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9938
Read: a from pipe: 9938
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9939
Read: a from pipe: 9939
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9940
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9940
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9941
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9941
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9942
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9942
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9943
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9943
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9944
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9944
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9945
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9945
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9946
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9946
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9947
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9947
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9948
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9948
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9949
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9949
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9950
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9950
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9951
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9951
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9952
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9952
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9953
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9953
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9954
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9954
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9955
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9955
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9956
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9956
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9957
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9957
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9958
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9958
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9959
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9959
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9960
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9960
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9961
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9961
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9962
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9962
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9963
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9963
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9964
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9964
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9965
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9965
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9966
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9966
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9967
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9967
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9968
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9968
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9969
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9969
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9970
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9970
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9971
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9971
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9972
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9972
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9973
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9973
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9974
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9974
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9975
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9975
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9976
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9976
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9977
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9977
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9978
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9978
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9979
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9979
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9980
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9980
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9981
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9981
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9982
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9982
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9983
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9983
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9984
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9984
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9985
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9985
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9986
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9986
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9987
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9987
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9988
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9988
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9989
Read: a from pipe: 9989
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9990
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9990
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9991
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9991
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9992
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9992
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9993
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9993
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9994
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9994
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9995
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9995
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9996
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9996
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9997
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9997
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9998
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9998
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 9999
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 9999
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10000
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10000
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10001
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10001
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10002
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10002
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10003
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10003
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10004
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10004
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10005
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10005
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10006
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10006
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10007
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10007
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10008
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10008
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10009
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10009
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10010
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10010
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10011
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10011
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10012
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10012
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10013
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10013
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10014
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10014
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10015
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10015
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10016
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10016
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10017
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10017
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10018
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10018
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10019
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10019
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10020
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10020
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10021
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10021
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10022
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10022
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10023
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10023
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10024
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10024
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10025
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10025
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10026
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10026
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10027
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10027
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10028
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10028
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10029
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10029
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10030
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10030
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10031
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10031
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10032
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10032
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10033
Read: a from pipe: 10033
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10034
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10034
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10035
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10035
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10036
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10036
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10037
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10037
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10038
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10038
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10039
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10039
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10040
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10040
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10041
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10041
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10042
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10042
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10043
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10043
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10044
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10044
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10045
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10045
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10046
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10046
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10047
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10047
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10048
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10048
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10049
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10049
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10050
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10050
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10051
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10051
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10052
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10052
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10053
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10053
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10054
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10054
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10055
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10055
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10056
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10056
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10057
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10057
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10058
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10058
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10059
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10059
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10060
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10060
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10061
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10061
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10062
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10062
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10063
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10063
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10064
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10064
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10065
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10065
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10066
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10066
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10067
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10067
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10068
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10068
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10069
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10069
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10070
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10070
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10071
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10071
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10072
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10072
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10073
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10073
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10074
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10074
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10075
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10075
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10076
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10076
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10077
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10077
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10078
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10078
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10079
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10079
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10080
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10080
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10081
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10081
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10082
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10082
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10083
Read: a from pipe: 10083
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10084
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10084
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10085
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10085
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10086
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10086
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10087
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10087
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10088
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10088
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10089
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10089
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10090
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10090
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10091
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10091
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10092
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10092
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10093
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10093
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10094
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10094
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10095
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10095
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10096
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10096
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10097
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10097
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10098
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10098
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10099
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10099
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10100
Read: a from pipe: 10100
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10101
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10101
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10102
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10102
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10103
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10103
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10104
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10104
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10105
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10105
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10106
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10106
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10107
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10107
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10108
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10108
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10109
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10109
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10110
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10110
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10111
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10111
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10112
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10112
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10113
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10113
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10114
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10114
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10115
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10115
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10116
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10116
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10117
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10117
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10118
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10118
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10119
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10119
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10120
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10120
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10121
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10121
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10122
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10122
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10123
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10123
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10124
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10124
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10125
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10125
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10126
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10126
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10127
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10127
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10128
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10128
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10129
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10129
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10130
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10130
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10131
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10131
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10132
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10132
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10133
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10133
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10134
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10134
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10135
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10135
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10136
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10136
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10137
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10137
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10138
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10138
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10139
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10139
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10140
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10140
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10141
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10141
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10142
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10142
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10143
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10143
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10144
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10144
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10145
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10145
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10146
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10146
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10147
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10147
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10148
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10148
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10149
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10149
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10150
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10150
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10151
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10151
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10152
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10152
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10153
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10153
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10154
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10154
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10155
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10155
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10156
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10156
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10157
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10157
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10158
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10158
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10159
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10159
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10160
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10160
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10161
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10161
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10162
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10162
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10163
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10163
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10164
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10164
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10165
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10165
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10166
Read: a from pipe: 10166
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10167
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10167
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10168
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10168
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10169
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10169
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10170
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10170
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10171
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10171
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10172
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10172
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10173
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10173
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10174
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10174
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10175
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10175
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10176
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10176
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10177
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10177
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10178
Read: a from pipe: 10178
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10179
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10179
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10180
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10180
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10181
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10181
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10182
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10182
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10183
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10183
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10184
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10184
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10185
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10185
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10186
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10186
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10187
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10187
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10188
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10188
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10189
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10189
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10190
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10190
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10191
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10191
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10192
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10192
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10193
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10193
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10194
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10194
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10195
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10195
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10196
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10196
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10197
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10197
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10198
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10198
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10199
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10199
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10200
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10200
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10201
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10201
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10202
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10202
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10203
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10203
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10204
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10204
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10205
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10205
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10206
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10206
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10207
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10207
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10208
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10208
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10209
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10209
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10210
Read: a from pipe: 10210
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10211
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10211
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10212
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10212
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10213
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10213
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10214
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10214
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10215
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10215
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10216
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10216
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10217
Read: a from pipe: 10217
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10218
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10218
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10219
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10219
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10220
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10220
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10221
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10221
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10222
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10222
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10223
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10223
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10224
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10224
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10225
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10225
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10226
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10226
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10227
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10227
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10228
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10228
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10229
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10229
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10230
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10230
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10231
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10231
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10232
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10232
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10233
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10233
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10234
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10234
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10235
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10235
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10236
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10236
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10237
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10237
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10238
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10238
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10239
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10239
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10240
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10240
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10241
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10241
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10242
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10242
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10243
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10243
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10244
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10244
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10245
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10245
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10246
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10246
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10247
Read: a from pipe: 10247
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10248
Read: a from pipe: 10248
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10249
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10249
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10250
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10250
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10251
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10251
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10252
Read: a from pipe: 10252
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10253
Read: a from pipe: 10253
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10254
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10254
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10255
Read: a from pipe: 10255
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10256
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10256
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10257
Read: a from pipe: 10257
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10258
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10258
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10259
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10259
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10260
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10260
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10261
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10261
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10262
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10262
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10263
Read: a from pipe: 10263
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10264
Read: a from pipe: 10264
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10265
Read: a from pipe: 10265
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10266
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10266
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10267
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10267
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10268
Read: a from pipe: 10268
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10269
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10269
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10270
Read: a from pipe: 10270
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10271
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10271
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10272
Read: a from pipe: 10272
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10273
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10273
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10274
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10274
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10275
Read: a from pipe: 10275
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10276
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10276
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10277
Read: a from pipe: 10277
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10278
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10278
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10279
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10279
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10280
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10280
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10281
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10281
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10282
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10282
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10283
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10283
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10284
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10284
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10285
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10285
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10286
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10286
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10287
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10287
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10288
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10288
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10289
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10289
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10290
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10290
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10291
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10291
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10292
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10292
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10293
Read: a from pipe: 10293
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10294
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10294
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10295
Read: a from pipe: 10295
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10296
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10296
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10297
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10297
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10298
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10298
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10299
Read: a from pipe: 10299
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10300
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10300
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10301
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10301
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10302
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10302
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10303
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10303
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10304
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10304
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10305
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10305
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10306
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10306
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10307
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10307
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10308
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10308
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10309
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10309
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10310
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10310
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10311
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10311
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10312
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10312
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10313
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10313
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10314
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10314
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10315
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10315
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10316
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10316
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10317
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10317
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10318
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10318
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10319
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10319
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10320
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10320
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10321
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10321
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10322
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10322
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10323
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10323
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10324
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10324
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10325
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10325
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10326
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10326
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10327
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10327
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10328
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10328
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10329
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10329
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10330
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10330
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10331
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10331
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10332
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10332
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10333
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10333
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10334
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10334
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10335
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10335
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10336
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10336
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10337
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10337
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10338
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10338
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10339
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10339
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10340
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10340
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10341
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10341
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10342
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10342
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10343
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10343
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10344
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10344
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10345
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10345
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10346
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10346
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10347
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10347
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10348
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10348
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10349
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10349
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10350
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10350
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10351
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10351
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10352
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10352
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10353
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10353
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10354
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10354
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10355
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10355
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10356
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10356
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10357
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10357
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10358
Read: a from pipe: 10358
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10359
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10359
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10360
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10360
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10361
Read: a from pipe: 10361
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10362
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10362
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10363
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10363
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10364
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10364
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10365
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10365
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10366
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10366
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10367
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10367
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10368
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10368
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10369
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10369
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10370
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10370
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10371
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10371
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10372
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10372
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10373
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10373
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10374
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10374
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10375
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10375
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10376
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10376
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10377
Read: a from pipe: 10377
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10378
Read: a from pipe: 10378
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10379
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10379
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10380
Read: a from pipe: 10380
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10381
Read: a from pipe: 10381
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10382
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10382
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10383
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10383
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10384
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10384
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10385
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10385
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10386
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10386
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10387
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10387
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10388
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10388
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10389
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10389
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10390
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10390
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10391
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10391
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10392
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10392
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10393
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10393
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10394
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10394
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10395
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10395
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10396
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10396
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10397
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10397
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10398
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10398
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10399
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10399
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10400
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10400
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10401
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10401
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10402
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10402
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10403
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10403
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10404
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10404
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10405
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10405
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10406
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10406
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10407
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10407
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10408
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10408
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10409
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10409
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10410
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10410
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10411
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10411
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10412
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10412
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10413
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10413
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10414
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10414
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10415
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10415
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10416
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10416
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10417
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10417
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10418
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10418
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10419
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10419
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10420
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10420
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10421
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10421
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10422
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10422
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10423
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10423
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10424
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10424
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10425
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10425
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10426
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10426
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10427
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10427
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10428
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10428
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10429
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10429
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10430
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10430
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10431
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10431
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10432
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10432
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10433
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10433
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10434
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10434
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10435
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10435
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10436
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10436
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10437
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10437
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10438
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10438
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10439
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10439
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10440
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10440
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10441
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10441
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10442
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10442
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10443
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10443
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10444
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10444
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10445
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10445
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10446
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10446
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10447
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10447
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10448
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10448
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10449
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10449
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10450
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10450
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10451
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10451
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10452
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10452
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10453
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10453
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10454
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10454
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10455
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10455
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10456
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10456
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10457
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10457
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10458
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10458
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10459
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10459
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10460
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10460
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10461
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10461
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10462
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10462
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10463
Read: a from pipe: 10463
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10464
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10464
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10465
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10465
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10466
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10466
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10467
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10467
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10468
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10468
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10469
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10469
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10470
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10470
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10471
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10471
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10472
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10472
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10473
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10473
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10474
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10474
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10475
Read: a from pipe: 10475
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10476
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10476
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10477
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10477
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10478
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10478
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10479
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10479
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10480
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10480
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10481
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10481
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10482
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10482
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10483
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10483
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10484
Read: a from pipe: 10484
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10485
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10485
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10486
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10486
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10487
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10487
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10488
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10488
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10489
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10489
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10490
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10490
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10491
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10491
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10492
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10492
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10493
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10493
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10494
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10494
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10495
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10495
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10496
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10496
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10497
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10497
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10498
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10498
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10499
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10499
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10500
Read: a from pipe: 10500
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10501
Read: a from pipe: 10501
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10502
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10502
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10503
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10503
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10504
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10504
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10505
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10505
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10506
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10506
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10507
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10507
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10508
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10508
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10509
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10509
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10510
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10510
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10511
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10511
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10512
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10512
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10513
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10513
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10514
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10514
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10515
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10515
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10516
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10516
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10517
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10517
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10518
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10518
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10519
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10519
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10520
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10520
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10521
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10521
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10522
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10522
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10523
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10523
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10524
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10524
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10525
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10525
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10526
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10526
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10527
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10527
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10528
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10528
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10529
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10529
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10530
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10530
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10531
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10531
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10532
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10532
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10533
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10533
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10534
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10534
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10535
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10535
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10536
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10536
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10537
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10537
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10538
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10538
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10539
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10539
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10540
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10540
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10541
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10541
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10542
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10542
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10543
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10543
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10544
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10544
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10545
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10545
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10546
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10546
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10547
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10547
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10548
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10548
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10549
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10549
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10550
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10550
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10551
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10551
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10552
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10552
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10553
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10553
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10554
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10554
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10555
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10555
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10556
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10556
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10557
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10557
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10558
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10558
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10559
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10559
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10560
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10560
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10561
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10561
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10562
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10562
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10563
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10563
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10564
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10564
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10565
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10565
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10566
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10566
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10567
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10567
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10568
Read: a from pipe: 10568
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10569
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10569
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10570
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10570
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10571
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10571
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10572
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10572
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10573
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10573
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10574
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10574
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10575
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10575
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10576
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10576
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10577
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10577
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10578
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10578
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10579
Read: a from pipe: 10579
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10580
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10580
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10581
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10581
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10582
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10582
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10583
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10583
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10584
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10584
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10585
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10585
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10586
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10586
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10587
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10587
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10588
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10588
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10589
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10589
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10590
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10590
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10591
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10591
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10592
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10592
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10593
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10593
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10594
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10594
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10595
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10595
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10596
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10596
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10597
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10597
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10598
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10598
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10599
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10599
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10600
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10600
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10601
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10601
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10602
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10602
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10603
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10603
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10604
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10604
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10605
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10605
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10606
Read: a from pipe: 10606
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10607
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10607
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10608
Read: a from pipe: 10608
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10609
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10609
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10610
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10610
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10611
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10611
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10612
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10612
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10613
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10613
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10614
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10614
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10615
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10615
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10616
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10616
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10617
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10617
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10618
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10618
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10619
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10619
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10620
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10620
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10621
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10621
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10622
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10622
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10623
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10623
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10624
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10624
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10625
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10625
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10626
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10626
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10627
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10627
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10628
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10628
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10629
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10629
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10630
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10630
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10631
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10631
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10632
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10632
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10633
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10633
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10634
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10634
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10635
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10635
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10636
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10636
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10637
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10637
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10638
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10638
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10639
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10639
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10640
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10640
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10641
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10641
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10642
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10642
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10643
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10643
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10644
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10644
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10645
Read: a from pipe: 10645
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10646
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10646
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10647
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10647
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10648
Read: a from pipe: 10648
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10649
Read: a from pipe: 10649
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10650
Read: a from pipe: 10650
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10651
Read: a from pipe: 10651
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10652
Read: a from pipe: 10652
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10653
Read: a from pipe: 10653
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10654
Read: a from pipe: 10654
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10655
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10655
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10656
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10656
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10657
Read: a from pipe: 10657
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10658
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10658
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10659
Read: a from pipe: 10659
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10660
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10660
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10661
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10661
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10662
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10662
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10663
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10663
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10664
Read: a from pipe: 10664
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10665
Read: a from pipe: 10665
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10666
Read: a from pipe: 10666
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10667
Read: a from pipe: 10667
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10668
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10668
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10669
Read: a from pipe: 10669
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10670
Read: a from pipe: 10670
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10671
Read: a from pipe: 10671
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10672
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10672
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10673
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10673
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10674
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10674
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10675
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10675
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10676
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10676
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10677
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10677
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10678
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10678
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10679
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10679
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10680
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10680
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10681
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10681
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10682
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10682
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10683
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10683
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10684
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10684
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10685
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10685
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10686
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10686
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10687
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10687
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10688
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10688
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10689
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10689
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10690
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10690
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10691
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10691
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10692
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10692
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10693
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10693
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10694
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10694
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10695
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10695
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10696
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10696
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10697
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10697
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10698
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10698
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10699
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10699
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10700
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10700
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10701
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10701
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10702
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10702
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10703
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10703
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10704
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10704
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10705
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10705
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10706
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10706
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10707
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10707
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10708
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10708
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10709
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10709
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10710
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10710
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10711
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10711
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10712
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10712
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10713
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10713
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10714
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10714
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10715
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10715
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10716
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10716
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10717
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10717
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10718
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10718
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10719
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10719
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10720
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10720
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10721
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10721
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10722
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10722
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10723
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10723
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10724
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10724
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10725
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10725
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10726
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10726
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10727
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10727
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10728
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10728
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10729
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10729
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10730
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10730
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10731
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10731
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10732
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10732
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10733
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10733
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10734
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10734
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10735
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10735
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10736
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10736
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10737
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10737
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10738
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10738
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10739
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10739
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10740
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10740
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10741
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10741
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10742
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10742
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10743
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10743
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10744
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10744
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10745
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10745
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10746
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10746
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10747
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10747
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10748
Read: a from pipe: 10748
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10749
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10749
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10750
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10750
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10751
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10751
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10752
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10752
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10753
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10753
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10754
Read: a from pipe: 10754
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10755
Read: a from pipe: 10755
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10756
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10756
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10757
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10757
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10758
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10758
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10759
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10759
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10760
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10760
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10761
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10761
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10762
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10762
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10763
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10763
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10764
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10764
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10765
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10765
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10766
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10766
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10767
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10767
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10768
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10768
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10769
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10769
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10770
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10770
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10771
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10771
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10772
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10772
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10773
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10773
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10774
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10774
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10775
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10775
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10776
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10776
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10777
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10777
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10778
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10778
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10779
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10779
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10780
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10780
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10781
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10781
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10782
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10782
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10783
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10783
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10784
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10784
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10785
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10785
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10786
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10786
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10787
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10787
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10788
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10788
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10789
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10789
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10790
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10790
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10791
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10791
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10792
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10792
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10793
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10793
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10794
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10794
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10795
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10795
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10796
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10796
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10797
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10797
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10798
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10798
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10799
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10799
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10800
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10800
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10801
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10801
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10802
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10802
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10803
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10803
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10804
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10804
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10805
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10805
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10806
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10806
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10807
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10807
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10808
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10808
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10809
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10809
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10810
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10810
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10811
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10811
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10812
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10812
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10813
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10813
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10814
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10814
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10815
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10815
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10816
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10816
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10817
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10817
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10818
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10818
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10819
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10819
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10820
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10820
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10821
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10821
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10822
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10822
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10823
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10823
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10824
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10824
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10825
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10825
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10826
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10826
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10827
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10827
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10828
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10828
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10829
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10829
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10830
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10830
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10831
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10831
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10832
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10832
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10833
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10833
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10834
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10834
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10835
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10835
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10836
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10836
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10837
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10837
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10838
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10838
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10839
Read: a from pipe: 10839
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10840
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10840
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10841
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10841
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10842
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10842
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10843
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10843
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10844
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10844
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10845
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10845
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10846
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10846
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10847
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10847
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10848
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10848
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10849
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10849
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10850
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10850
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10851
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10851
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10852
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10852
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10853
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10853
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10854
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10854
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10855
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10855
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10856
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10856
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Read: a from pipe: 10857
completed read
Wrote: a to pipe: 10857
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10858
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10858
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10859
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10859
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10860
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10860
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10861
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10861
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10862
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10862
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10863
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10863
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10864
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10864
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10865
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10865
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10866
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10866
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10867
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10867
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10868
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10868
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10869
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10869
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10870
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10870
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10871
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10871
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10872
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10872
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10873
Read: a from pipe: 10873
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10874
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10874
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10875
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10875
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10876
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10876
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10877
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10877
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10878
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10878
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10879
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10879
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10880
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10880
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10881
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10881
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10882
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10882
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10883
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10883
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10884
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10884
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10885
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10885
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10886
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10886
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10887
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10887
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10888
Read: a from pipe: 10888
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10889
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10889
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10890
Read: a from pipe: 10890
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10891
Read: a from pipe: 10891
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10892
Read: a from pipe: 10892
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10893
Read: a from pipe: 10893
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10894
Read: a from pipe: 10894
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10895
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10895
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10896
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10896
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10897
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10897
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10898
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10898
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10899
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10899
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10900
Read: a from pipe: 10900
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10901
Read: a from pipe: 10901
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10902
Read: a from pipe: 10902
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10903
Read: a from pipe: 10903
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10904
Read: a from pipe: 10904
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10905
Read: a from pipe: 10905
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10906
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10906
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10907
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10907
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10908
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10908
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10909
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10909
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10910
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10910
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10911
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10911
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10912
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10912
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10913
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10913
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10914
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10914
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10915
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10915
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10916
Read: a from pipe: 10916
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10917
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10917
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10918
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10918
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10919
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10919
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10920
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10920
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10921
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10921
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10922
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10922
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10923
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10923
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10924
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10924
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10925
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10925
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10926
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10926
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10927
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10927
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10928
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10928
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10929
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10929
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10930
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10930
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10931
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10931
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10932
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10932
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10933
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10933
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10934
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10934
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10935
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10935
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10936
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10936
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10937
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10937
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10938
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10938
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10939
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10939
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10940
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10940
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10941
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10941
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10942
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10942
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10943
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10943
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10944
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10944
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10945
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10945
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10946
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10946
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10947
Read: a from pipe: 10947
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10948
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10948
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10949
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10949
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10950
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10950
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10951
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10951
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10952
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10952
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10953
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10953
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10954
Read: a from pipe: 10954
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10955
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10955
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10956
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10956
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10957
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10957
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10958
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10958
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10959
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10959
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10960
Read: a from pipe: 10960
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10961
Read: a from pipe: 10961
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10962
Read: a from pipe: 10962
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10963
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10963
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10964
Read: a from pipe: 10964
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10965
Read: a from pipe: 10965
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10966
Read: a from pipe: 10966
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10967
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10967
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10968
Read: a from pipe: 10968
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10969
Read: a from pipe: 10969
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10970
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10970
completed read
in cleanup overhead
in initialise_overhead
in benchmark overhead
iterations 1036
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10971
Read: a from pipe: 10971
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10972
Read: a from pipe: 10972
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10973
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10973
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10974
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10974
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10975
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10975
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10976
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10976
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10977
Read: a from pipe: 10977
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10978
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10978
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10979
Read: a from pipe: 10979
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10980
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10980
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10981
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10981
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10982
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10982
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10983
Read: a from pipe: 10983
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10984
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10984
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10985
Read: a from pipe: 10985
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10986
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10986
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10987
Read: a from pipe: 10987
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10988
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10988
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10989
Read: a from pipe: 10989
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10990
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10990
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10991
Read: a from pipe: 10991
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10992
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10992
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10993
Read: a from pipe: 10993
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10994
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10994
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10995
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10995
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10996
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10996
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10997
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10997
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10998
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10998
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 10999
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 10999
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11000
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11000
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11001
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11001
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11002
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11002
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11003
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11003
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11004
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11004
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11005
Read: a from pipe: 11005
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11006
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11006
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11007
Read: a from pipe: 11007
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11008
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11008
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11009
Read: a from pipe: 11009
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11010
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11010
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11011
Read: a from pipe: 11011
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11012
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11012
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11013
Read: a from pipe: 11013
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11014
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11014
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11015
Read: a from pipe: 11015
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11016
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11016
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11017
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11017
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11018
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11018
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11019
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11019
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11020
Read: a from pipe: 11020
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11021
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11021
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11022
Read: a from pipe: 11022
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11023
Read: a from pipe: 11023
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11024
Read: a from pipe: 11024
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11025
Read: a from pipe: 11025
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11026
Read: a from pipe: 11026
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11027
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11027
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11028
Read: a from pipe: 11028
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11029
Read: a from pipe: 11029
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11030
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11030
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11031
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11031
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11032
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11032
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11033
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11033
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11034
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11034
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11035
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11035
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11036
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11036
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11037
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11037
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11038
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11038
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11039
Read: a from pipe: 11039
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11040
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11040
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11041
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11041
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11042
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11042
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11043
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11043
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11044
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11044
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11045
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11045
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11046
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11046
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11047
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11047
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11048
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11048
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11049
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11049
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11050
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11050
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11051
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11051
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11052
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11052
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11053
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11053
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11054
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11054
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11055
Read: a from pipe: 11055
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11056
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11056
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11057
Read: a from pipe: 11057
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11058
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11058
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11059
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11059
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11060
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11060
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11061
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11061
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11062
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11062
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11063
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11063
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11064
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11064
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11065
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11065
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11066
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11066
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11067
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11067
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11068
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11068
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11069
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11069
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11070
Read: a from pipe: 11070
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11071
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11071
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11072
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11072
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11073
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11073
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11074
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11074
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11075
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11075
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11076
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11076
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11077
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11077
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11078
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11078
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11079
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11079
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11080
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11080
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11081
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11081
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11082
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11082
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11083
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11083
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11084
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11084
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11085
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11085
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11086
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11086
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11087
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11087
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11088
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11088
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11089
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11089
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11090
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11090
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11091
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11091
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11092
completed write
i=2
Read: a from pipe: 11092
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11093
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11093
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11094
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11094
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11095
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11095
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11096
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11096
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11097
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11097
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11098
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11098
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11099
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11099
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11100
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11100
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11101
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11101
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11102
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11102
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11103
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11103
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11104
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11104
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11105
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11105
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11106
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11106
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11107
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11107
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11108
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11108
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11109
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11109
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11110
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11110
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11111
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11111
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11112
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11112
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11113
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11113
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11114
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11114
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11115
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11115
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11116
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11116
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11117
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11117
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11118
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11118
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11119
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11119
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11120
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11120
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11121
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11121
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11122
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11122
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11123
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11123
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11124
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11124
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11125
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11125
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11126
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11126
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11127
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11127
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11128
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11128
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11129
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11129
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11130
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11130
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11131
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11131
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11132
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11132
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11133
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11133
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11134
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11134
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11135
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11135
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11136
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11136
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11137
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11137
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11138
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11138
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11139
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11139
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11140
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11140
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11141
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11141
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11142
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11142
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11143
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11143
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11144
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11144
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11145
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11145
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11146
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11146
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11147
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11147
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11148
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11148
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11149
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11149
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11150
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11150
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11151
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11151
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11152
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11152
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11153
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11153
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11154
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11154
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11155
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11155
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11156
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11156
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11157
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11157
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11158
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11158
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11159
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11159
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11160
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11160
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11161
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11161
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11162
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11162
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11163
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11163
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11164
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11164
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11165
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11165
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11166
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11166
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11167
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11167
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11168
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11168
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11169
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11169
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11170
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11170
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11171
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11171
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11172
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11172
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11173
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11173
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11174
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11174
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11175
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11175
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11176
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11176
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11177
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11177
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11178
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11178
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11179
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11179
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11180
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11180
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11181
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11181
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11182
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11182
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11183
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11183
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11184
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11184
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11185
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11185
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11186
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11186
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11187
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11187
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11188
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11188
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11189
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11189
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11190
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11190
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11191
Read: a from pipe: 11191
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11192
Read: a from pipe: 11192
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11193
Read: a from pipe: 11193
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11194
Read: a from pipe: 11194
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11195
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11195
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11196
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11196
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11197
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11197
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11198
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11198
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11199
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11199
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11200
Read: a from pipe: 11200
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11201
Read: a from pipe: 11201
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11202
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11202
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11203
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11203
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11204
Read: a from pipe: 11204
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11205
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11205
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11206
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11206
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11207
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11207
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11208
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11208
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11209
Read: a from pipe: 11209
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11210
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11210
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11211
Read: a from pipe: 11211
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11212
Read: a from pipe: 11212
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11213
Read: a from pipe: 11213
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11214
Read: a from pipe: 11214
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11215
Read: a from pipe: 11215
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11216
Read: a from pipe: 11216
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11217
Read: a from pipe: 11217
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11218
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11218
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11219
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11219
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11220
Read: a from pipe: 11220
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11221
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11221
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11222
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11222
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11223
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11223
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11224
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11224
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11225
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11225
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11226
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11226
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11227
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11227
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11228
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11228
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11229
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11229
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11230
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11230
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11231
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11231
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11232
Read: a from pipe: 11232
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11233
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11233
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11234
Read: a from pipe: 11234
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11235
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11235
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11236
Read: a from pipe: 11236
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11237
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11237
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11238
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11238
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11239
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11239
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11240
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11240
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11241
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11241
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11242
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11242
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11243
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11243
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11244
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11244
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11245
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11245
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11246
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11246
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11247
Read: a from pipe: 11247
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11248
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11248
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11249
Read: a from pipe: 11249
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11250
Read: a from pipe: 11250
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11251
Read: a from pipe: 11251
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11252
Read: a from pipe: 11252
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11253
Read: a from pipe: 11253
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11254
Read: a from pipe: 11254
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11255
Read: a from pipe: 11255
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11256
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11256
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11257
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11257
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11258
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11258
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11259
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11259
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11260
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11260
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11261
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11261
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11262
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11262
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11263
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11263
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11264
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11264
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11265
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11265
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11266
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11266
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11267
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11267
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11268
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11268
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11269
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11269
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11270
Read: a from pipe: 11270
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11271
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11271
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11272
Read: a from pipe: 11272
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11273
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11273
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11274
Read: a from pipe: 11274
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11275
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11275
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11276
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11276
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11277
Read: a from pipe: 11277
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11278
Read: a from pipe: 11278
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11279
Read: a from pipe: 11279
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11280
Read: a from pipe: 11280
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11281
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11281
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11282
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11282
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11283
Read: a from pipe: 11283
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11284
Read: a from pipe: 11284
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11285
Read: a from pipe: 11285
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11286
Read: a from pipe: 11286
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11287
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11287
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11288
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11288
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11289
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11289
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11290
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11290
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11291
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11291
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11292
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11292
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11293
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11293
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11294
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11294
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11295
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11295
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11296
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11296
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11297
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11297
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11298
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11298
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11299
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11299
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11300
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11300
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11301
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11301
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11302
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11302
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11303
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11303
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11304
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11304
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11305
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11305
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11306
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11306
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11307
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11307
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11308
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11308
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11309
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11309
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11310
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11310
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11311
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11311
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11312
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11312
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11313
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11313
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11314
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11314
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11315
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11315
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11316
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11316
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11317
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11317
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11318
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11318
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11319
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11319
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11320
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11320
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11321
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11321
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11322
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11322
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11323
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11323
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11324
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11324
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11325
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11325
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11326
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11326
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11327
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11327
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11328
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11328
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11329
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11329
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11330
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11330
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11331
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11331
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11332
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11332
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Read: a from pipe: 11333
completed read
Wrote: a to pipe: 11333
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11334
Read: a from pipe: 11334
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11335
Read: a from pipe: 11335
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11336
Read: a from pipe: 11336
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11337
Read: a from pipe: 11337
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11338
Read: a from pipe: 11338
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11339
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11339
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11340
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11340
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11341
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11341
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11342
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11342
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11343
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11343
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11344
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11344
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11345
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11345
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11346
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11346
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11347
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11347
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11348
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11348
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11349
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11349
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11350
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11350
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11351
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11351
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11352
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11352
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11353
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11353
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11354
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11354
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11355
Read: a from pipe: 11355
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11356
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11356
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11357
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11357
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11358
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11358
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11359
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11359
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11360
Read: a from pipe: 11360
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11361
Read: a from pipe: 11361
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11362
Read: a from pipe: 11362
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11363
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11363
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11364
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11364
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11365
Read: a from pipe: 11365
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11366
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11366
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11367
Read: a from pipe: 11367
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11368
Read: a from pipe: 11368
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11369
Read: a from pipe: 11369
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11370
Read: a from pipe: 11370
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11371
Read: a from pipe: 11371
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11372
Read: a from pipe: 11372
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11373
Read: a from pipe: 11373
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11374
Read: a from pipe: 11374
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11375
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11375
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11376
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11376
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11377
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11377
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11378
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11378
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11379
Read: a from pipe: 11379
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11380
Read: a from pipe: 11380
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11381
Read: a from pipe: 11381
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11382
Read: a from pipe: 11382
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11383
Read: a from pipe: 11383
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11384
Read: a from pipe: 11384
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11385
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11385
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11386
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11386
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11387
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11387
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11388
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11388
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11389
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11389
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11390
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11390
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11391
Read: a from pipe: 11391
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11392
Read: a from pipe: 11392
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11393
Read: a from pipe: 11393
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11394
Read: a from pipe: 11394
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11395
Read: a from pipe: 11395
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11396
Read: a from pipe: 11396
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11397
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11397
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11398
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11398
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11399
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11399
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11400
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11400
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11401
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11401
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11402
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11402
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11403
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11403
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11404
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11404
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11405
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11405
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11406
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11406
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11407
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11407
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11408
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11408
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11409
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11409
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11410
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11410
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11411
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11411
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11412
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11412
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11413
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11413
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11414
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11414
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11415
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11415
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11416
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11416
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11417
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11417
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11418
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11418
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11419
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11419
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11420
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11420
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11421
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11421
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11422
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11422
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11423
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11423
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11424
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11424
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11425
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11425
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11426
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11426
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11427
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11427
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11428
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11428
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11429
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11429
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11430
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11430
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11431
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11431
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11432
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11432
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11433
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11433
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11434
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11434
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11435
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11435
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11436
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11436
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11437
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11437
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11438
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11438
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11439
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11439
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11440
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11440
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11441
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11441
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11442
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11442
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11443
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11443
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11444
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11444
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11445
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11445
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11446
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11446
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11447
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11447
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11448
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11448
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11449
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11449
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11450
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11450
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11451
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11451
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11452
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11452
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11453
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11453
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11454
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11454
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11455
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11455
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11456
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11456
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11457
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11457
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11458
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11458
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11459
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11459
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11460
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11460
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11461
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11461
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11462
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11462
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11463
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11463
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11464
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11464
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11465
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11465
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11466
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11466
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11467
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11467
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11468
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11468
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11469
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11469
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11470
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11470
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11471
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11471
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11472
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11472
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11473
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11473
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11474
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11474
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11475
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11475
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11476
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11476
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11477
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11477
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11478
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11478
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11479
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11479
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11480
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11480
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11481
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11481
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11482
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11482
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11483
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11483
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11484
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11484
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11485
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11485
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11486
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11486
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11487
Read: a from pipe: 11487
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11488
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11488
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11489
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11489
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11490
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11490
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11491
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11491
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11492
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11492
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11493
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11493
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11494
Read: a from pipe: 11494
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11495
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11495
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11496
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11496
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11497
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11497
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11498
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11498
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11499
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11499
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11500
Read: a from pipe: 11500
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11501
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11501
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11502
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11502
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11503
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11503
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11504
Read: a from pipe: 11504
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11505
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11505
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11506
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11506
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11507
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11507
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11508
Read: a from pipe: 11508
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11509
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11509
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11510
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11510
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11511
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11511
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11512
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11512
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11513
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11513
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11514
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11514
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11515
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11515
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11516
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11516
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11517
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11517
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11518
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11518
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11519
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11519
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11520
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11520
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11521
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11521
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11522
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11522
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11523
Read: a from pipe: 11523
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11524
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11524
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11525
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11525
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11526
Read: a from pipe: 11526
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11527
Read: a from pipe: 11527
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11528
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11528
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11529
Read: a from pipe: 11529
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11530
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11530
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11531
Read: a from pipe: 11531
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11532
Read: a from pipe: 11532
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11533
Read: a from pipe: 11533
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11534
Read: a from pipe: 11534
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11535
Read: a from pipe: 11535
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11536
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11536
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11537
Read: a from pipe: 11537
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11538
Read: a from pipe: 11538
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11539
Read: a from pipe: 11539
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11540
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11540
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11541
Read: a from pipe: 11541
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11542
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11542
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11543
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11543
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11544
Read: a from pipe: 11544
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11545
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11545
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11546
Read: a from pipe: 11546
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11547
Read: a from pipe: 11547
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11548
Read: a from pipe: 11548
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11549
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11549
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11550
Read: a from pipe: 11550
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11551
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11551
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11552
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11552
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11553
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11553
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11554
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11554
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11555
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11555
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11556
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11556
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11557
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11557
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11558
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11558
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11559
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11559
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11560
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11560
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11561
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11561
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11562
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11562
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11563
Read: a from pipe: 11563
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11564
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11564
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11565
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11565
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11566
Read: a from pipe: 11566
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11567
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11567
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11568
Read: a from pipe: 11568
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11569
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11569
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11570
Read: a from pipe: 11570
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11571
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11571
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11572
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11572
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11573
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11573
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11574
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11574
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11575
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11575
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11576
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11576
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11577
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11577
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11578
Read: a from pipe: 11578
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11579
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11579
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11580
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11580
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11581
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11581
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11582
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11582
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11583
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11583
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11584
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11584
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11585
Read: a from pipe: 11585
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11586
Read: a from pipe: 11586
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11587
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11587
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11588
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11588
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11589
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11589
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11590
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11590
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11591
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11591
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11592
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11592
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11593
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11593
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11594
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11594
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11595
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11595
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11596
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11596
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11597
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11597
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11598
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11598
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11599
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11599
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11600
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11600
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11601
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11601
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11602
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11602
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11603
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11603
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11604
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11604
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11605
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11605
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11606
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11606
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11607
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11607
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11608
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11608
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11609
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11609
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11610
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11610
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11611
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11611
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11612
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11612
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11613
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11613
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11614
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11614
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11615
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11615
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11616
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11616
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11617
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11617
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11618
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11618
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11619
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11619
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11620
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11620
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11621
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11621
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11622
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11622
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11623
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11623
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11624
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11624
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11625
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11625
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11626
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11626
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11627
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11627
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11628
Read: a from pipe: 11628
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11629
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11629
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11630
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11630
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11631
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11631
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11632
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11632
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11633
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11633
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11634
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11634
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11635
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11635
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11636
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11636
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11637
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11637
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11638
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11638
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11639
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11639
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11640
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11640
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11641
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11641
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11642
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11642
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11643
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11643
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11644
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11644
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11645
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11645
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11646
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11646
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11647
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11647
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11648
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11648
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11649
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11649
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11650
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11650
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11651
Read: a from pipe: 11651
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11652
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11652
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11653
Read: a from pipe: 11653
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11654
Read: a from pipe: 11654
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11655
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11655
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11656
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11656
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11657
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11657
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11658
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11658
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11659
Read: a from pipe: 11659
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11660
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11660
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11661
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11661
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11662
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11662
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11663
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11663
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11664
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11664
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11665
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11665
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11666
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11666
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11667
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11667
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11668
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11668
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11669
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11669
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11670
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11670
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11671
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11671
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11672
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11672
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11673
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11673
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11674
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11674
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11675
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11675
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11676
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11676
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11677
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11677
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11678
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11678
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11679
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11679
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11680
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11680
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11681
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11681
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11682
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11682
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11683
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11683
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11684
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11684
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11685
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11685
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11686
Read: a from pipe: 11686
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11687
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11687
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11688
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11688
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11689
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11689
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11690
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11690
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11691
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11691
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11692
Read: a from pipe: 11692
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11693
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11693
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11694
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11694
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11695
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11695
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11696
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11696
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11697
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11697
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11698
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11698
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11699
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11699
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11700
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11700
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11701
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11701
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11702
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11702
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11703
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11703
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11704
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11704
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11705
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11705
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11706
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11706
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11707
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11707
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11708
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11708
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11709
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11709
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11710
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11710
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11711
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11711
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11712
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11712
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11713
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11713
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11714
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11714
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11715
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11715
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11716
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11716
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11717
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11717
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11718
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11718
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11719
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11719
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11720
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11720
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11721
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11721
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11722
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11722
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11723
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11723
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11724
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11724
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11725
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11725
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11726
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11726
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11727
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11727
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11728
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11728
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11729
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11729
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11730
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11730
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11731
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11731
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11732
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11732
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11733
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11733
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11734
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11734
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11735
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11735
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11736
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11736
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11737
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11737
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11738
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11738
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11739
Read: a from pipe: 11739
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11740
Read: a from pipe: 11740
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11741
Read: a from pipe: 11741
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11742
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11742
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11743
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11743
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11744
Read: a from pipe: 11744
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11745
Read: a from pipe: 11745
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11746
Read: a from pipe: 11746
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11747
Read: a from pipe: 11747
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11748
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11748
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11749
Read: a from pipe: 11749
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11750
Read: a from pipe: 11750
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11751
Read: a from pipe: 11751
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11752
Read: a from pipe: 11752
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11753
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11753
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11754
Read: a from pipe: 11754
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11755
Read: a from pipe: 11755
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11756
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11756
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11757
Read: a from pipe: 11757
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11758
Read: a from pipe: 11758
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11759
Read: a from pipe: 11759
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11760
Read: a from pipe: 11760
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11761
Read: a from pipe: 11761
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11762
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11762
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11763
Read: a from pipe: 11763
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11764
Read: a from pipe: 11764
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11765
Read: a from pipe: 11765
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11766
Read: a from pipe: 11766
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11767
Read: a from pipe: 11767
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11768
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11768
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11769
Read: a from pipe: 11769
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11770
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11770
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11771
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11771
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11772
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11772
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11773
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11773
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11774
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11774
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11775
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11775
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11776
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11776
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11777
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11777
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11778
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11778
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11779
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11779
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11780
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11780
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11781
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11781
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11782
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11782
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11783
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11783
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11784
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11784
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11785
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11785
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11786
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11786
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11787
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11787
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11788
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11788
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11789
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11789
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11790
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11790
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11791
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11791
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11792
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11792
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11793
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11793
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11794
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11794
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11795
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11795
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11796
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11796
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11797
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11797
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11798
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11798
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11799
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11799
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11800
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11800
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11801
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11801
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11802
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11802
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11803
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11803
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11804
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11804
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11805
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11805
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11806
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11806
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11807
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11807
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11808
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11808
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11809
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11809
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11810
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11810
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11811
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11811
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11812
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11812
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11813
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11813
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11814
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11814
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11815
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11815
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11816
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11816
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11817
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11817
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11818
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11818
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11819
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11819
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11820
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11820
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11821
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11821
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11822
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11822
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11823
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11823
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11824
Read: a from pipe: 11824
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11825
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11825
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11826
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11826
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11827
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11827
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11828
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11828
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11829
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11829
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11830
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11830
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11831
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11831
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11832
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11832
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11833
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11833
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11834
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11834
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11835
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11835
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11836
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11836
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11837
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11837
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11838
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11838
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11839
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11839
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11840
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11840
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11841
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11841
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11842
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11842
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11843
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11843
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11844
Read: a from pipe: 11844
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11845
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11845
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11846
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11846
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11847
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11847
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11848
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11848
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11849
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11849
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11850
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11850
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11851
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11851
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11852
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11852
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11853
Read: a from pipe: 11853
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11854
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11854
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11855
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11855
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11856
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11856
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11857
Read: a from pipe: 11857
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11858
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11858
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11859
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11859
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11860
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11860
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11861
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11861
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11862
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11862
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11863
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11863
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11864
Read: a from pipe: 11864
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11865
Read: a from pipe: 11865
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11866
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11866
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11867
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11867
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11868
Read: a from pipe: 11868
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11869
Read: a from pipe: 11869
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11870
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11870
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11871
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11871
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11872
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11872
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11873
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11873
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11874
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11874
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11875
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11875
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11876
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11876
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11877
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11877
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11878
Read: a from pipe: 11878
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11879
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11879
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11880
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11880
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11881
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11881
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11882
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11882
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11883
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11883
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11884
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11884
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11885
Read: a from pipe: 11885
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11886
Read: a from pipe: 11886
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11887
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11887
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11888
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11888
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11889
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11889
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11890
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11890
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11891
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11891
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11892
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11892
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11893
Read: a from pipe: 11893
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11894
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11894
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11895
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11895
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11896
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11896
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11897
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11897
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11898
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11898
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11899
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11899
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11900
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11900
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11901
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11901
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11902
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11902
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11903
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11903
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11904
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11904
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11905
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11905
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11906
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11906
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11907
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11907
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11908
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11908
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11909
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11909
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11910
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11910
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11911
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11911
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11912
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11912
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11913
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11913
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11914
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11914
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11915
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11915
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11916
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11916
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11917
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11917
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11918
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11918
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11919
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11919
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11920
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11920
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11921
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11921
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11922
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11922
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11923
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11923
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11924
Read: a from pipe: 11924
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11925
Read: a from pipe: 11925
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11926
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11926
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11927
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11927
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11928
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11928
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11929
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11929
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11930
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11930
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11931
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11931
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11932
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11932
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11933
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11933
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11934
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11934
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11935
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11935
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11936
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11936
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11937
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11937
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11938
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11938
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11939
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11939
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11940
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11940
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11941
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11941
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11942
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11942
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11943
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11943
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11944
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11944
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11945
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11945
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11946
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11946
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11947
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11947
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11948
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11948
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11949
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11949
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11950
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11950
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11951
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11951
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11952
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11952
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11953
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11953
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11954
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11954
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11955
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11955
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11956
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11956
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11957
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11957
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11958
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11958
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11959
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11959
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11960
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11960
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11961
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11961
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11962
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11962
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11963
Read: a from pipe: 11963
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11964
Read: a from pipe: 11964
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11965
Read: a from pipe: 11965
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11966
Read: a from pipe: 11966
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11967
Read: a from pipe: 11967
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11968
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11968
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11969
Read: a from pipe: 11969
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11970
Read: a from pipe: 11970
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11971
Read: a from pipe: 11971
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11972
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11972
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11973
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11973
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11974
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11974
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11975
Read: a from pipe: 11975
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11976
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11976
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11977
Read: a from pipe: 11977
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11978
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11978
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11979
Read: a from pipe: 11979
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11980
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11980
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11981
Read: a from pipe: 11981
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11982
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11982
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11983
Read: a from pipe: 11983
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11984
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11984
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11985
Read: a from pipe: 11985
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11986
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11986
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11987
Read: a from pipe: 11987
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11988
Read: a from pipe: 11988
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11989
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11989
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11990
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11990
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11991
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11991
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11992
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11992
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11993
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11993
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11994
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11994
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11995
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11995
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11996
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11996
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11997
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11997
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11998
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11998
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 11999
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 11999
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12000
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12000
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12001
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12001
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12002
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12002
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12003
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12003
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12004
Read: a from pipe: 12004
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12005
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12005
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12006
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12006
completed read
in cleanup overhead
in initialise_overhead
in benchmark overhead
iterations 1333
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for write
opened for read
Wrote: a to pipe: 12007
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12007
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12008
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12008
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12009
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12009
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12010
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12010
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12011
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12011
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12012
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12012
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12013
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12013
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12014
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12014
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12015
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12015
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12016
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12016
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12017
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12017
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12018
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12018
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12019
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12019
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12020
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12020
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12021
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12021
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12022
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12022
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12023
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12023
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12024
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12024
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12025
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12025
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12026
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12026
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12027
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12027
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12028
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12028
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12029
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12029
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12030
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12030
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12031
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12031
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12032
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12032
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12033
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12033
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12034
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12034
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12035
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12035
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12036
Read: a from pipe: 12036
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12037
Read: a from pipe: 12037
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12038
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12038
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12039
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12039
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12040
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12040
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12041
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12041
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12042
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12042
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12043
Read: a from pipe: 12043
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12044
Read: a from pipe: 12044
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12045
Read: a from pipe: 12045
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12046
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12046
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12047
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12047
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12048
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12048
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12049
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12049
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12050
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12050
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12051
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12051
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12052
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12052
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12053
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12053
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12054
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12054
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12055
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12055
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12056
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12056
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12057
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12057
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12058
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12058
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12059
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12059
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12060
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12060
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12061
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12061
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12062
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12062
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12063
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12063
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12064
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12064
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12065
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12065
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12066
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12066
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12067
Read: a from pipe: 12067
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12068
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12068
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12069
Read: a from pipe: 12069
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12070
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12070
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12071
Read: a from pipe: 12071
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12072
Read: a from pipe: 12072
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12073
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12073
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12074
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12074
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12075
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12075
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12076
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12076
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12077
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12077
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12078
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12078
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12079
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12079
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12080
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12080
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12081
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12081
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12082
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12082
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12083
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12083
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12084
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12084
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12085
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12085
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12086
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12086
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12087
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12087
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12088
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12088
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12089
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12089
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12090
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12090
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12091
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12091
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12092
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12092
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12093
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12093
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12094
Read: a from pipe: 12094
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12095
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12095
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12096
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12096
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12097
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12097
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12098
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12098
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12099
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12099
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12100
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12100
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12101
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12101
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12102
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12102
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12103
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12103
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12104
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12104
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12105
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12105
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12106
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12106
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12107
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12107
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12108
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12108
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12109
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12109
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12110
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12110
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12111
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12111
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12112
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12112
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12113
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12113
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12114
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12114
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12115
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12115
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12116
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12116
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12117
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12117
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12118
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12118
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12119
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12119
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12120
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12120
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12121
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12121
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12122
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12122
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12123
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12123
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12124
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12124
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12125
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12125
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12126
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12126
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12127
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12127
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12128
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12128
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12129
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12129
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12130
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12130
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12131
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12131
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12132
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12132
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12133
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12133
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12134
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12134
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12135
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12135
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12136
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12136
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12137
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12137
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12138
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12138
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12139
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12139
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12140
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12140
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12141
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12141
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12142
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12142
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12143
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12143
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12144
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12144
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12145
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12145
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12146
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12146
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12147
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12147
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12148
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12148
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12149
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12149
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12150
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12150
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12151
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12151
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12152
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12152
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12153
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12153
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12154
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12154
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12155
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12155
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12156
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12156
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12157
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12157
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12158
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12158
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12159
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12159
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12160
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12160
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12161
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12161
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12162
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12162
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12163
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12163
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12164
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12164
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12165
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12165
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12166
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12166
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12167
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12167
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12168
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12168
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12169
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12169
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12170
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12170
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12171
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12171
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12172
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12172
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12173
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12173
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12174
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12174
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12175
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12175
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12176
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12176
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12177
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12177
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12178
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12178
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12179
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12179
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12180
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12180
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12181
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12181
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12182
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12182
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12183
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12183
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12184
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12184
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12185
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12185
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12186
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12186
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12187
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12187
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12188
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12188
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12189
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12189
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12190
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12190
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12191
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12191
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12192
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12192
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12193
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12193
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12194
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12194
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12195
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12195
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12196
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12196
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12197
Read: a from pipe: 12197
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12198
Read: a from pipe: 12198
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12199
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12199
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12200
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12200
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12201
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12201
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12202
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12202
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12203
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12203
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12204
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12204
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12205
Read: a from pipe: 12205
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12206
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12206
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12207
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12207
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12208
Read: a from pipe: 12208
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12209
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12209
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12210
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12210
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12211
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12211
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12212
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12212
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12213
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12213
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12214
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12214
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12215
Read: a from pipe: 12215
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12216
Read: a from pipe: 12216
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12217
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12217
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12218
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12218
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12219
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12219
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12220
Read: a from pipe: 12220
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12221
Read: a from pipe: 12221
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12222
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12222
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12223
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12223
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12224
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12224
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12225
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12225
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12226
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12226
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12227
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12227
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12228
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12228
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12229
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12229
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12230
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12230
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12231
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12231
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12232
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12232
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12233
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12233
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12234
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12234
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12235
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12235
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12236
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12236
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12237
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12237
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12238
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12238
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12239
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12239
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12240
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12240
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12241
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12241
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12242
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12242
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12243
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12243
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12244
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12244
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12245
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12245
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12246
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12246
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12247
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12247
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12248
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12248
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12249
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12249
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12250
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12250
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12251
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12251
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12252
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12252
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12253
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12253
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12254
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12254
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12255
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12255
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12256
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12256
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12257
Read: a from pipe: 12257
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12258
Read: a from pipe: 12258
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12259
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12259
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12260
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12260
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12261
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12261
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12262
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12262
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12263
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12263
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12264
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12264
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12265
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12265
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12266
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12266
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12267
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12267
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12268
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12268
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12269
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12269
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12270
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12270
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12271
Read: a from pipe: 12271
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12272
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12272
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12273
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12273
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12274
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12274
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12275
Read: a from pipe: 12275
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12276
Read: a from pipe: 12276
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12277
Read: a from pipe: 12277
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12278
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12278
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12279
Read: a from pipe: 12279
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12280
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12280
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12281
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12281
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12282
Read: a from pipe: 12282
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12283
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12283
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12284
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12284
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12285
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12285
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12286
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12286
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12287
Read: a from pipe: 12287
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12288
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12288
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12289
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12289
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12290
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12290
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12291
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12291
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12292
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12292
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12293
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12293
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12294
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12294
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12295
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12295
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12296
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12296
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12297
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12297
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12298
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12298
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12299
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12299
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12300
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12300
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12301
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12301
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12302
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12302
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12303
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12303
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12304
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12304
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12305
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12305
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12306
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12306
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12307
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12307
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12308
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12308
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12309
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12309
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12310
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12310
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12311
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12311
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12312
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12312
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12313
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12313
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12314
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12314
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12315
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12315
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12316
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12316
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12317
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12317
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12318
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12318
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12319
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12319
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12320
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12320
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12321
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12321
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12322
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12322
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12323
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12323
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12324
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12324
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12325
Read: a from pipe: 12325
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12326
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12326
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12327
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12327
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12328
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12328
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12329
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12329
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12330
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12330
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12331
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12331
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12332
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12332
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12333
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12333
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12334
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12334
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12335
Read: a from pipe: 12335
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12336
Read: a from pipe: 12336
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12337
Read: a from pipe: 12337
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12338
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12338
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12339
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12339
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12340
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12340
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12341
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12341
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12342
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12342
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12343
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12343
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12344
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12344
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12345
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12345
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12346
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12346
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12347
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12347
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12348
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12348
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12349
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12349
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12350
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12350
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12351
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12351
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12352
Read: a from pipe: 12352
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12353
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12353
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12354
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12354
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12355
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12355
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12356
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12356
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12357
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12357
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12358
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12358
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12359
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12359
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12360
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12360
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12361
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12361
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12362
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12362
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12363
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12363
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12364
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12364
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12365
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12365
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12366
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12366
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12367
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12367
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12368
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12368
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12369
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12369
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12370
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12370
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12371
Read: a from pipe: 12371
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12372
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12372
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12373
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12373
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12374
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12374
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12375
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12375
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12376
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12376
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12377
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12377
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12378
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12378
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12379
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12379
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12380
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12380
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12381
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12381
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12382
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12382
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12383
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12383
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12384
Read: a from pipe: 12384
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12385
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12385
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12386
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12386
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12387
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12387
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12388
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12388
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12389
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12389
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12390
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12390
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12391
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12391
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12392
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12392
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12393
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12393
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12394
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12394
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12395
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12395
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12396
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12396
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12397
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12397
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12398
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12398
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12399
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12399
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12400
Read: a from pipe: 12400
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12401
Read: a from pipe: 12401
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12402
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12402
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12403
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12403
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12404
Read: a from pipe: 12404
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12405
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12405
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12406
Read: a from pipe: 12406
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12407
Read: a from pipe: 12407
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12408
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12408
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12409
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12409
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12410
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12410
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12411
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12411
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12412
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12412
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12413
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12413
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12414
Read: a from pipe: 12414
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12415
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12415
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12416
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12416
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12417
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12417
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12418
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12418
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12419
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12419
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12420
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12420
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12421
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12421
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12422
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12422
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12423
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12423
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12424
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12424
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12425
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12425
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12426
Read: a from pipe: 12426
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12427
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12427
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12428
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12428
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12429
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12429
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12430
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12430
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12431
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12431
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12432
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12432
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12433
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12433
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12434
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12434
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12435
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12435
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12436
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12436
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12437
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12437
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12438
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12438
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12439
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12439
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12440
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12440
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12441
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12441
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12442
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12442
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12443
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12443
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12444
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12444
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12445
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12445
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12446
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12446
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12447
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12447
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12448
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12448
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12449
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12449
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12450
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12450
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12451
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12451
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12452
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12452
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12453
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12453
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12454
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12454
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12455
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12455
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12456
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12456
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12457
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12457
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12458
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12458
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12459
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12459
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12460
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12460
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12461
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12461
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12462
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12462
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12463
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12463
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12464
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12464
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12465
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12465
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12466
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12466
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12467
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12467
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12468
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12468
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12469
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12469
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12470
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12470
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12471
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12471
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12472
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12472
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12473
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12473
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12474
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12474
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12475
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12475
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12476
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12476
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12477
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12477
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12478
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12478
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12479
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12479
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12480
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12480
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12481
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12481
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12482
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12482
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12483
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12483
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12484
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12484
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12485
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12485
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12486
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12486
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12487
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12487
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12488
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12488
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12489
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12489
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12490
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12490
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12491
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12491
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12492
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12492
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12493
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12493
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12494
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12494
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12495
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12495
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12496
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12496
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12497
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12497
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12498
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12498
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12499
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12499
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12500
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12500
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12501
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12501
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12502
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12502
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12503
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12503
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12504
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12504
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12505
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12505
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12506
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12506
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12507
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12507
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12508
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12508
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12509
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12509
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12510
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12510
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12511
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12511
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12512
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12512
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12513
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12513
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12514
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12514
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12515
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12515
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12516
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12516
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12517
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12517
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12518
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12518
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12519
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12519
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12520
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12520
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12521
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12521
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12522
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12522
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12523
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12523
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12524
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12524
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12525
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12525
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12526
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12526
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12527
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12527
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12528
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12528
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12529
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12529
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12530
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12530
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12531
Read: a from pipe: 12531
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12532
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12532
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12533
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12533
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12534
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12534
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12535
Read: a from pipe: 12535
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12536
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12536
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12537
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12537
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12538
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12538
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12539
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12539
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12540
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12540
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12541
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12541
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12542
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12542
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12543
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12543
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12544
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12544
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12545
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12545
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12546
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12546
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12547
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12547
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12548
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12548
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12549
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12549
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12550
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12550
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12551
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12551
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12552
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12552
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12553
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12553
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12554
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12554
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12555
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12555
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12556
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12556
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12557
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12557
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12558
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12558
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12559
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12559
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12560
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12560
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12561
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12561
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12562
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12562
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12563
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12563
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12564
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12564
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12565
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12565
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12566
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12566
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12567
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12567
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12568
Read: a from pipe: 12568
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12569
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12569
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12570
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12570
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12571
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12571
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12572
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12572
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12573
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12573
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12574
Read: a from pipe: 12574
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12575
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12575
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12576
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12576
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12577
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12577
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12578
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12578
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12579
Read: a from pipe: 12579
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12580
Read: a from pipe: 12580
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12581
Read: a from pipe: 12581
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12582
Read: a from pipe: 12582
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12583
Read: a from pipe: 12583
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12584
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12584
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12585
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12585
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12586
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12586
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12587
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12587
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12588
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12588
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12589
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12589
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12590
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12590
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12591
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12591
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12592
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12592
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12593
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12593
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12594
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12594
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12595
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12595
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12596
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12596
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12597
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12597
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12598
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12598
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12599
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12599
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12600
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12600
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12601
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12601
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12602
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12602
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12603
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12603
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12604
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12604
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12605
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12605
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12606
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12606
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12607
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12607
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12608
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12608
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12609
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12609
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12610
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12610
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12611
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12611
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12612
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12612
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12613
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12613
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12614
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12614
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12615
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12615
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12616
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12616
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12617
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12617
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12618
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12618
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12619
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12619
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12620
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12620
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12621
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12621
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12622
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12622
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12623
Read: a from pipe: 12623
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12624
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12624
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12625
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12625
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12626
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12626
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12627
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12627
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12628
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12628
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12629
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12629
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12630
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12630
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12631
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12631
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12632
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12632
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12633
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12633
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12634
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12634
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12635
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12635
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12636
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12636
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12637
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12637
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12638
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12638
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12639
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12639
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12640
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12640
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12641
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12641
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12642
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12642
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12643
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12643
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12644
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12644
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12645
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12645
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12646
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12646
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12647
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12647
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12648
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12648
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12649
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12649
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12650
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12650
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12651
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12651
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12652
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12652
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12653
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12653
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12654
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12654
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12655
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12655
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12656
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12656
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12657
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12657
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12658
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12658
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12659
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12659
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12660
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12660
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12661
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12661
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12662
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12662
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12663
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12663
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12664
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12664
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12665
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12665
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12666
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12666
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12667
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12667
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12668
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12668
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12669
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12669
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12670
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12670
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12671
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12671
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12672
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12672
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12673
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12673
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12674
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12674
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12675
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12675
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12676
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12676
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12677
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12677
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12678
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12678
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12679
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12679
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12680
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12680
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12681
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12681
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12682
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12682
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12683
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12683
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12684
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12684
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12685
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12685
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12686
Read: a from pipe: 12686
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12687
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12687
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12688
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12688
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12689
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12689
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12690
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12690
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12691
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12691
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12692
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12692
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12693
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12693
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12694
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12694
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12695
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12695
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12696
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12696
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12697
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12697
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12698
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12698
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12699
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12699
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12700
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12700
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12701
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12701
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12702
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12702
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12703
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12703
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12704
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12704
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12705
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12705
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12706
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12706
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12707
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12707
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12708
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12708
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12709
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12709
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12710
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12710
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12711
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12711
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12712
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12712
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12713
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12713
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12714
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12714
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12715
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12715
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12716
Read: a from pipe: 12716
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12717
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12717
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12718
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12718
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12719
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12719
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12720
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12720
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12721
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12721
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12722
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12722
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12723
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12723
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12724
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12724
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12725
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12725
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12726
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12726
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12727
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12727
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12728
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12728
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12729
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12729
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12730
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12730
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12731
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12731
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12732
Read: a from pipe: 12732
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12733
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12733
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12734
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12734
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12735
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12735
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12736
Read: a from pipe: 12736
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12737
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12737
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12738
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12738
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12739
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12739
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12740
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12740
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12741
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12741
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12742
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12742
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12743
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12743
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12744
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12744
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12745
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12745
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12746
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12746
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12747
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12747
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12748
Read: a from pipe: 12748
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12749
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12749
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12750
Read: a from pipe: 12750
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12751
Read: a from pipe: 12751
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12752
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12752
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12753
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12753
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12754
Read: a from pipe: 12754
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12755
Read: a from pipe: 12755
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12756
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12756
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12757
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12757
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12758
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12758
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12759
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12759
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12760
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12760
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12761
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12761
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12762
completed write
i=0
Read: a from pipe: 12762
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12763
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12763
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12764
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12764
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12765
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12765
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12766
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12766
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12767
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12767
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12768
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12768
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12769
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12769
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12770
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12770
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12771
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12771
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12772
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12772
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12773
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12773
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12774
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12774
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12775
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12775
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12776
Read: a from pipe: 12776
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12777
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12777
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12778
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12778
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12779
Read: a from pipe: 12779
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12780
Read: a from pipe: 12780
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12781
Read: a from pipe: 12781
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12782
Read: a from pipe: 12782
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12783
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12783
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12784
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12784
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12785
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12785
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12786
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12786
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12787
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12787
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12788
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12788
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12789
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12789
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12790
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12790
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12791
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12791
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12792
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12792
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12793
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12793
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12794
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12794
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12795
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12795
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12796
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12796
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12797
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12797
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12798
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12798
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12799
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12799
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12800
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12800
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12801
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12801
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12802
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12802
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12803
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12803
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12804
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12804
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12805
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12805
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12806
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12806
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12807
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12807
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12808
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12808
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12809
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12809
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12810
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12810
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12811
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12811
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12812
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12812
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12813
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12813
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12814
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12814
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12815
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12815
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12816
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12816
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12817
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12817
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12818
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12818
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12819
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12819
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12820
Read: a from pipe: 12820
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12821
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12821
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12822
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12822
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12823
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12823
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12824
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12824
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12825
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12825
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12826
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12826
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12827
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12827
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12828
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12828
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12829
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12829
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12830
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12830
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12831
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12831
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12832
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12832
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12833
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12833
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12834
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12834
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12835
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12835
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12836
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12836
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12837
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12837
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12838
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12838
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12839
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12839
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12840
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12840
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12841
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12841
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12842
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12842
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12843
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12843
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12844
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12844
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12845
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12845
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12846
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12846
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12847
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12847
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12848
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12848
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12849
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12849
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12850
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12850
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12851
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12851
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12852
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12852
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12853
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12853
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12854
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12854
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12855
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12855
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12856
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12856
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12857
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12857
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12858
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12858
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12859
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12859
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12860
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12860
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12861
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12861
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12862
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12862
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12863
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12863
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12864
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12864
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12865
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12865
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12866
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12866
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12867
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12867
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12868
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12868
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12869
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12869
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12870
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12870
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12871
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12871
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12872
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12872
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12873
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12873
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12874
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12874
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12875
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12875
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12876
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12876
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12877
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12877
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12878
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12878
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12879
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12879
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12880
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12880
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12881
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12881
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12882
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12882
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12883
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12883
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12884
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12884
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12885
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12885
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12886
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12886
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12887
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12887
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12888
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12888
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12889
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12889
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12890
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12890
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12891
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12891
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12892
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12892
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12893
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12893
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12894
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12894
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12895
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12895
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12896
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12896
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12897
Read: a from pipe: 12897
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12898
Read: a from pipe: 12898
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12899
Read: a from pipe: 12899
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12900
Read: a from pipe: 12900
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12901
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12901
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12902
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12902
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12903
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12903
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12904
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12904
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12905
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12905
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12906
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12906
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12907
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12907
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12908
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12908
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12909
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12909
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12910
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12910
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12911
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12911
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12912
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12912
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12913
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12913
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12914
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12914
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12915
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12915
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12916
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12916
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12917
Read: a from pipe: 12917
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12918
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12918
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12919
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12919
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12920
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12920
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12921
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12921
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12922
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12922
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12923
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12923
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12924
Read: a from pipe: 12924
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12925
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12925
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12926
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12926
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12927
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12927
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12928
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12928
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12929
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12929
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12930
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12930
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12931
Read: a from pipe: 12931
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12932
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12932
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12933
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12933
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12934
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12934
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12935
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12935
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12936
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12936
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12937
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12937
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12938
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12938
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12939
Read: a from pipe: 12939
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12940
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12940
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12941
Read: a from pipe: 12941
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12942
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12942
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12943
Read: a from pipe: 12943
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12944
Read: a from pipe: 12944
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12945
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12945
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12946
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12946
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12947
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12947
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12948
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12948
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12949
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12949
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12950
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12950
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12951
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12951
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12952
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12952
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12953
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12953
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12954
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12954
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12955
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12955
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12956
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12956
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12957
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12957
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12958
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12958
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12959
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12959
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12960
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12960
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12961
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12961
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12962
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12962
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12963
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12963
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12964
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12964
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12965
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12965
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12966
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12966
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12967
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12967
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12968
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12968
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12969
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12969
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12970
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12970
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12971
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12971
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12972
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12972
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12973
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12973
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12974
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12974
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12975
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12975
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12976
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12976
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12977
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12977
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12978
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12978
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12979
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12979
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12980
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12980
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12981
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12981
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12982
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12982
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12983
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12983
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12984
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12984
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12985
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12985
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12986
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12986
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12987
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12987
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12988
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12988
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12989
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12989
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12990
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12990
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12991
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12991
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12992
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12992
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12993
Read: a from pipe: 12993
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12994
Read: a from pipe: 12994
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12995
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12995
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12996
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12996
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12997
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 12997
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12998
Read: a from pipe: 12998
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 12999
Read: a from pipe: 12999
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13000
Read: a from pipe: 13000
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13001
Read: a from pipe: 13001
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13002
Read: a from pipe: 13002
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13003
Read: a from pipe: 13003
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13004
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13004
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13005
Read: a from pipe: 13005
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13006
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13006
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13007
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13007
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13008
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13008
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13009
Read: a from pipe: 13009
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13010
Read: a from pipe: 13010
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13011
Read: a from pipe: 13011
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13012
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13012
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13013
Read: a from pipe: 13013
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13014
Read: a from pipe: 13014
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13015
Read: a from pipe: 13015
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13016
Read: a from pipe: 13016
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13017
Read: a from pipe: 13017
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13018
Read: a from pipe: 13018
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13019
Read: a from pipe: 13019
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13020
Read: a from pipe: 13020
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13021
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13021
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13022
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13022
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13023
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13023
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13024
Read: a from pipe: 13024
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13025
Read: a from pipe: 13025
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13026
Read: a from pipe: 13026
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13027
Read: a from pipe: 13027
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13028
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13028
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13029
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13029
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13030
Read: a from pipe: 13030
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13031
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13031
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13032
Read: a from pipe: 13032
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13033
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13033
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13034
Read: a from pipe: 13034
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13035
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13035
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13036
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13036
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13037
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13037
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13038
Read: a from pipe: 13038
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13039
Read: a from pipe: 13039
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13040
Read: a from pipe: 13040
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13041
Read: a from pipe: 13041
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13042
Read: a from pipe: 13042
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13043
Read: a from pipe: 13043
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13044
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13044
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13045
Read: a from pipe: 13045
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13046
Read: a from pipe: 13046
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13047
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13047
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13048
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13048
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13049
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13049
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13050
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13050
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13051
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13051
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13052
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13052
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13053
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13053
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13054
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13054
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13055
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13055
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13056
Read: a from pipe: 13056
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13057
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13057
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13058
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13058
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13059
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13059
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13060
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13060
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13061
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13061
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13062
Read: a from pipe: 13062
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13063
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13063
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13064
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13064
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13065
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13065
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13066
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13066
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13067
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13067
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13068
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13068
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13069
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13069
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13070
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13070
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13071
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13071
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13072
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13072
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13073
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13073
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13074
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13074
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13075
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13075
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13076
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13076
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13077
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13077
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13078
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13078
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13079
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13079
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13080
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13080
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13081
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13081
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13082
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13082
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13083
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13083
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13084
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13084
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13085
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13085
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13086
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13086
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13087
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13087
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13088
Read: a from pipe: 13088
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13089
Read: a from pipe: 13089
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13090
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13090
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13091
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13091
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13092
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13092
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13093
Read: a from pipe: 13093
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13094
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13094
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13095
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13095
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13096
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13096
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13097
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13097
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13098
Read: a from pipe: 13098
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13099
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13099
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13100
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13100
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13101
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13101
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13102
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13102
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13103
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13103
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13104
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13104
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13105
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13105
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13106
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13106
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13107
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13107
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13108
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13108
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13109
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13109
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13110
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13110
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13111
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13111
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13112
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13112
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13113
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13113
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13114
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13114
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13115
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13115
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13116
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13116
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13117
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13117
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13118
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13118
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13119
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13119
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13120
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13120
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13121
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13121
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13122
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13122
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13123
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13123
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13124
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13124
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13125
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13125
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13126
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13126
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13127
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13127
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13128
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13128
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13129
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13129
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13130
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13130
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13131
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13131
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13132
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13132
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13133
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13133
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13134
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13134
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13135
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13135
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13136
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13136
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13137
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13137
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13138
Read: a from pipe: 13138
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13139
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13139
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13140
Read: a from pipe: 13140
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13141
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13141
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13142
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13142
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13143
Read: a from pipe: 13143
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13144
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13144
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13145
Read: a from pipe: 13145
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13146
Read: a from pipe: 13146
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13147
Read: a from pipe: 13147
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13148
Read: a from pipe: 13148
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13149
Read: a from pipe: 13149
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13150
Read: a from pipe: 13150
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13151
Read: a from pipe: 13151
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13152
Read: a from pipe: 13152
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13153
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13153
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13154
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13154
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13155
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13155
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13156
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13156
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13157
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13157
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13158
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13158
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13159
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13159
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13160
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13160
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13161
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13161
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13162
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13162
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13163
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13163
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13164
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13164
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13165
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13165
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13166
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13166
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13167
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13167
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13168
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13168
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13169
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13169
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13170
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13170
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13171
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13171
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13172
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13172
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13173
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13173
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13174
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13174
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13175
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13175
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13176
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13176
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13177
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13177
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13178
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13178
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13179
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13179
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13180
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13180
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13181
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13181
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13182
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13182
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13183
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13183
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13184
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13184
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13185
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13185
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13186
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13186
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13187
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13187
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13188
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13188
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13189
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13189
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13190
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13190
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13191
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13191
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13192
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13192
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13193
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13193
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13194
Read: a from pipe: 13194
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13195
Read: a from pipe: 13195
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13196
Read: a from pipe: 13196
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13197
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13197
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13198
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13198
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13199
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13199
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13200
Read: a from pipe: 13200
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13201
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13201
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13202
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13202
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13203
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13203
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13204
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13204
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13205
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13205
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13206
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13206
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13207
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13207
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13208
Read: a from pipe: 13208
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13209
Read: a from pipe: 13209
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13210
Read: a from pipe: 13210
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13211
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13211
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13212
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13212
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13213
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13213
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13214
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13214
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13215
Read: a from pipe: 13215
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13216
Read: a from pipe: 13216
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13217
Read: a from pipe: 13217
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13218
Read: a from pipe: 13218
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13219
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13219
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13220
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13220
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13221
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13221
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13222
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13222
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13223
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13223
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13224
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13224
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13225
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13225
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13226
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13226
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13227
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13227
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13228
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13228
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13229
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13229
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13230
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13230
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13231
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13231
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13232
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13232
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13233
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13233
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13234
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13234
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13235
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13235
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13236
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13236
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13237
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13237
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13238
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13238
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13239
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13239
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13240
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13240
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13241
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13241
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13242
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13242
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13243
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13243
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13244
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13244
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13245
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13245
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13246
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13246
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13247
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13247
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13248
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13248
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13249
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13249
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13250
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13250
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13251
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13251
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13252
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13252
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13253
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13253
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13254
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13254
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13255
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13255
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13256
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13256
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13257
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13257
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13258
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13258
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13259
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13259
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13260
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13260
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13261
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13261
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13262
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13262
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13263
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13263
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13264
Read: a from pipe: 13264
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13265
Read: a from pipe: 13265
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13266
Read: a from pipe: 13266
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13267
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13267
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13268
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13268
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13269
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13269
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13270
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13270
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13271
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13271
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13272
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13272
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13273
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13273
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13274
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13274
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13275
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13275
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13276
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13276
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13277
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13277
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13278
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13278
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13279
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13279
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13280
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13280
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13281
Read: a from pipe: 13281
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13282
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13282
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13283
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13283
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13284
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13284
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13285
Read: a from pipe: 13285
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13286
Read: a from pipe: 13286
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13287
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13287
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13288
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13288
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13289
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13289
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13290
Read: a from pipe: 13290
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13291
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13291
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13292
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13292
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13293
Read: a from pipe: 13293
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13294
Read: a from pipe: 13294
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13295
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13295
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13296
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13296
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13297
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13297
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13298
Read: a from pipe: 13298
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13299
Read: a from pipe: 13299
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13300
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13300
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13301
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13301
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13302
Read: a from pipe: 13302
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13303
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13303
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13304
Read: a from pipe: 13304
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13305
Read: a from pipe: 13305
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13306
Read: a from pipe: 13306
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13307
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13307
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13308
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13308
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13309
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13309
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13310
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13310
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13311
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13311
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13312
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13312
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13313
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13313
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13314
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13314
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13315
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13315
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13316
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13316
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13317
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13317
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13318
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13318
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13319
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13319
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13320
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13320
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13321
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13321
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13322
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13322
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13323
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13323
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13324
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13324
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13325
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13325
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13326
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13326
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13327
Read: a from pipe: 13327
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13328
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13328
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13329
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13329
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13330
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13330
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13331
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13331
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13332
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13332
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13333
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13333
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13334
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13334
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13335
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13335
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13336
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13336
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13337
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13337
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13338
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13338
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13339
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13339
completed read
in cleanup overhead
in initialise_overhead
in benchmark overhead
iterations 1002
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for write
opened for read
Wrote: a to pipe: 13340
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13340
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13341
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13341
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13342
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13342
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13343
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13343
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13344
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13344
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13345
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13345
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13346
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13346
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13347
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13347
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13348
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13348
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13349
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13349
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13350
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13350
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13351
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13351
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13352
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13352
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13353
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13353
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13354
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13354
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13355
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13355
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13356
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13356
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13357
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13357
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13358
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13358
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13359
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13359
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13360
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13360
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13361
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13361
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13362
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13362
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13363
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13363
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13364
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13364
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13365
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13365
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13366
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13366
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13367
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13367
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13368
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13368
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13369
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13369
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13370
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13370
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13371
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13371
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13372
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13372
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13373
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13373
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13374
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13374
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13375
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13375
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13376
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13376
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13377
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13377
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13378
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13378
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13379
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13379
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13380
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13380
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13381
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13381
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13382
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13382
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13383
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13383
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13384
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13384
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13385
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13385
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13386
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13386
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13387
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13387
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13388
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13388
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13389
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13389
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13390
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13390
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13391
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13391
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13392
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13392
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13393
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13393
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13394
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13394
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13395
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13395
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13396
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13396
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13397
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13397
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13398
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13398
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13399
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13399
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13400
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13400
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13401
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13401
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13402
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13402
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13403
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13403
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13404
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13404
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13405
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13405
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13406
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13406
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13407
Read: a from pipe: 13407
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13408
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13408
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13409
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13409
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13410
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13410
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13411
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13411
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13412
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13412
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13413
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13413
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13414
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13414
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13415
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13415
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13416
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13416
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13417
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13417
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13418
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13418
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13419
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13419
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13420
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13420
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13421
Read: a from pipe: 13421
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13422
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13422
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13423
Read: a from pipe: 13423
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13424
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13424
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13425
Read: a from pipe: 13425
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13426
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13426
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13427
Read: a from pipe: 13427
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13428
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13428
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13429
Read: a from pipe: 13429
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13430
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13430
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13431
Read: a from pipe: 13431
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13432
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13432
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13433
Read: a from pipe: 13433
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13434
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13434
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13435
Read: a from pipe: 13435
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13436
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13436
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13437
Read: a from pipe: 13437
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13438
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13438
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13439
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13439
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13440
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13440
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13441
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13441
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13442
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13442
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13443
Read: a from pipe: 13443
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13444
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13444
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13445
Read: a from pipe: 13445
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13446
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13446
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13447
Read: a from pipe: 13447
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13448
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13448
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13449
Read: a from pipe: 13449
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13450
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13450
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13451
Read: a from pipe: 13451
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13452
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13452
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13453
Read: a from pipe: 13453
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13454
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13454
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13455
Read: a from pipe: 13455
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13456
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13456
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13457
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13457
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13458
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13458
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13459
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13459
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13460
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13460
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13461
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13461
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13462
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13462
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13463
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13463
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13464
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13464
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13465
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13465
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13466
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13466
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13467
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13467
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13468
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13468
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13469
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13469
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13470
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13470
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13471
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13471
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13472
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13472
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13473
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13473
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13474
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13474
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13475
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13475
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13476
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13476
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13477
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13477
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13478
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13478
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13479
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13479
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13480
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13480
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13481
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13481
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13482
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13482
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13483
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13483
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13484
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13484
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13485
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13485
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13486
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13486
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13487
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13487
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13488
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13488
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13489
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13489
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13490
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13490
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13491
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13491
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13492
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13492
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13493
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13493
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13494
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13494
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13495
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13495
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13496
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13496
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13497
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13497
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13498
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13498
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13499
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13499
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13500
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13500
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13501
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13501
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13502
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13502
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13503
Read: a from pipe: 13503
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13504
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13504
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13505
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13505
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13506
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13506
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13507
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13507
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13508
Read: a from pipe: 13508
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13509
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13509
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13510
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13510
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13511
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13511
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13512
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13512
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13513
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13513
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13514
Read: a from pipe: 13514
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13515
Read: a from pipe: 13515
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13516
Read: a from pipe: 13516
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13517
Read: a from pipe: 13517
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13518
Read: a from pipe: 13518
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13519
Read: a from pipe: 13519
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13520
Read: a from pipe: 13520
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13521
Read: a from pipe: 13521
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13522
Read: a from pipe: 13522
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13523
Read: a from pipe: 13523
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13524
Read: a from pipe: 13524
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13525
Read: a from pipe: 13525
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13526
Read: a from pipe: 13526
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13527
Read: a from pipe: 13527
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13528
Read: a from pipe: 13528
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13529
Read: a from pipe: 13529
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13530
Read: a from pipe: 13530
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13531
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13531
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13532
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13532
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13533
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13533
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13534
Read: a from pipe: 13534
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13535
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13535
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13536
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13536
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13537
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13537
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13538
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13538
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13539
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13539
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13540
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13540
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13541
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13541
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13542
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13542
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13543
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13543
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13544
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13544
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13545
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13545
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13546
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13546
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13547
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13547
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13548
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13548
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13549
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13549
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13550
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13550
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13551
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13551
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13552
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13552
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13553
Read: a from pipe: 13553
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13554
Read: a from pipe: 13554
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13555
Read: a from pipe: 13555
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13556
Read: a from pipe: 13556
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13557
Read: a from pipe: 13557
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13558
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13558
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13559
Read: a from pipe: 13559
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13560
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13560
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13561
Read: a from pipe: 13561
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13562
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13562
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13563
Read: a from pipe: 13563
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13564
Read: a from pipe: 13564
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13565
Read: a from pipe: 13565
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13566
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13566
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13567
Read: a from pipe: 13567
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13568
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13568
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13569
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13569
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13570
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13570
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13571
Read: a from pipe: 13571
completed write
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13572
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13572
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13573
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13573
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13574
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13574
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13575
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13575
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13576
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13576
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13577
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13577
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13578
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13578
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13579
Read: a from pipe: 13579
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13580
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13580
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13581
Read: a from pipe: 13581
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13582
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13582
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13583
Read: a from pipe: 13583
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13584
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13584
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13585
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13585
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13586
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13586
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13587
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13587
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13588
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13588
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13589
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13589
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13590
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13590
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13591
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13591
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13592
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13592
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13593
Read: a from pipe: 13593
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13594
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13594
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13595
Read: a from pipe: 13595
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13596
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13596
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13597
Read: a from pipe: 13597
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13598
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13598
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13599
Read: a from pipe: 13599
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13600
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13600
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13601
Read: a from pipe: 13601
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13602
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13602
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13603
Read: a from pipe: 13603
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13604
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13604
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13605
Read: a from pipe: 13605
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13606
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13606
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13607
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13607
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13608
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13608
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13609
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13609
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13610
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13610
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13611
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13611
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13612
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13612
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13613
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13613
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13614
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13614
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13615
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13615
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13616
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13616
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13617
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13617
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13618
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13618
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13619
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13619
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13620
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13620
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13621
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13621
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13622
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13622
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13623
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13623
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13624
Read: a from pipe: 13624
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13625
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13625
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13626
Read: a from pipe: 13626
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13627
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13627
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13628
Read: a from pipe: 13628
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13629
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13629
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13630
Read: a from pipe: 13630
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13631
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13631
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13632
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13632
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13633
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13633
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13634
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13634
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13635
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13635
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13636
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13636
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13637
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13637
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13638
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13638
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13639
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13639
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13640
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13640
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13641
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13641
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13642
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13642
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13643
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13643
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13644
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13644
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13645
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13645
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13646
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13646
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13647
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13647
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13648
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13648
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13649
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13649
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13650
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13650
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13651
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13651
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13652
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13652
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13653
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13653
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13654
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13654
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13655
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13655
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13656
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13656
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13657
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13657
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13658
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13658
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13659
Read: a from pipe: 13659
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13660
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13660
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13661
Read: a from pipe: 13661
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13662
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13662
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13663
Read: a from pipe: 13663
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13664
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13664
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13665
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13665
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13666
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13666
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13667
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13667
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13668
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13668
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13669
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13669
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13670
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13670
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13671
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13671
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13672
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13672
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13673
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13673
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13674
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13674
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13675
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13675
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13676
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13676
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13677
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13677
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13678
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13678
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13679
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13679
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13680
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13680
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13681
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13681
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13682
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13682
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13683
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13683
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13684
Read: a from pipe: 13684
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13685
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13685
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13686
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13686
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13687
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13687
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13688
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13688
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13689
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13689
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13690
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13690
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13691
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13691
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13692
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13692
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13693
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13693
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13694
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13694
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13695
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13695
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13696
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13696
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13697
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13697
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13698
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13698
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13699
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13699
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13700
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13700
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13701
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13701
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13702
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13702
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13703
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13703
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13704
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13704
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13705
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13705
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13706
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13706
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13707
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13707
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13708
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13708
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13709
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13709
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13710
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13710
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13711
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13711
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13712
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13712
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13713
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13713
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13714
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13714
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13715
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13715
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13716
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13716
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13717
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13717
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13718
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13718
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13719
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13719
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13720
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13720
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13721
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13721
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13722
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13722
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13723
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13723
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13724
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13724
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13725
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13725
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13726
Read: a from pipe: 13726
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13727
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13727
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13728
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13728
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13729
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13729
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13730
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13730
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13731
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13731
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13732
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13732
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13733
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13733
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13734
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13734
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13735
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13735
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13736
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13736
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13737
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13737
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13738
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13738
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13739
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13739
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13740
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13740
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13741
Read: a from pipe: 13741
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13742
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13742
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13743
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13743
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13744
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13744
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13745
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13745
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13746
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13746
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13747
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13747
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13748
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13748
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13749
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13749
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13750
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13750
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13751
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13751
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Read: a from pipe: 13752
completed read
Wrote: a to pipe: 13752
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13753
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13753
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13754
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13754
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13755
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13755
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13756
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13756
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13757
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13757
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13758
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13758
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13759
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13759
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13760
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13760
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13761
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13761
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13762
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13762
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13763
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13763
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13764
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13764
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13765
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13765
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13766
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13766
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13767
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13767
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13768
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13768
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13769
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13769
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13770
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13770
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13771
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13771
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13772
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13772
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13773
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13773
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13774
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13774
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13775
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13775
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13776
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13776
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13777
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13777
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13778
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13778
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13779
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13779
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13780
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13780
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13781
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13781
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13782
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13782
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13783
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13783
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13784
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13784
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13785
Read: a from pipe: 13785
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13786
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13786
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13787
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13787
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13788
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13788
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13789
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13789
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13790
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13790
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13791
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13791
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13792
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13792
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13793
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13793
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13794
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13794
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13795
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13795
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13796
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13796
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13797
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13797
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13798
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13798
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13799
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13799
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13800
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13800
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13801
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13801
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13802
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13802
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13803
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13803
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13804
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13804
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13805
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13805
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13806
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13806
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13807
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13807
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13808
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13808
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13809
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13809
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13810
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13810
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13811
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13811
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13812
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13812
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13813
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13813
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13814
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13814
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13815
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13815
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13816
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13816
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13817
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13817
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13818
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13818
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13819
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13819
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13820
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13820
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13821
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13821
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13822
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13822
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13823
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13823
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13824
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13824
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13825
Read: a from pipe: 13825
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13826
Read: a from pipe: 13826
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13827
Read: a from pipe: 13827
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13828
Read: a from pipe: 13828
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13829
Read: a from pipe: 13829
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13830
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13830
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13831
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13831
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13832
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13832
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13833
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13833
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13834
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13834
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13835
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13835
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13836
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13836
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13837
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13837
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13838
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13838
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13839
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13839
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13840
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13840
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13841
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13841
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13842
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13842
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13843
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13843
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13844
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13844
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13845
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13845
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13846
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13846
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13847
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13847
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13848
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13848
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13849
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13849
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13850
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13850
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13851
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13851
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13852
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13852
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13853
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13853
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13854
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13854
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13855
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13855
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13856
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13856
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13857
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13857
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13858
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13858
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13859
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13859
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13860
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13860
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13861
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13861
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13862
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13862
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13863
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13863
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13864
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13864
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13865
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13865
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13866
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13866
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13867
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13867
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13868
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13868
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13869
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13869
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13870
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13870
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13871
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13871
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13872
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13872
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13873
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13873
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13874
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13874
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13875
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13875
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13876
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13876
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13877
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13877
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13878
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13878
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13879
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13879
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13880
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13880
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13881
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13881
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13882
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13882
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13883
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13883
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13884
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13884
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13885
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13885
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13886
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13886
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13887
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13887
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13888
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13888
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13889
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13889
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13890
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13890
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13891
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13891
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13892
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13892
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13893
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13893
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13894
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13894
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13895
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13895
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13896
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13896
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13897
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13897
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13898
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13898
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13899
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13899
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13900
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13900
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13901
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13901
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13902
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13902
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13903
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13903
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13904
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13904
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13905
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13905
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13906
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13906
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13907
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13907
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13908
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13908
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13909
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13909
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13910
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13910
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13911
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13911
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13912
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13912
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13913
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13913
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13914
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13914
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13915
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13915
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13916
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13916
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13917
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13917
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13918
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13918
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13919
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13919
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13920
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13920
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13921
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13921
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13922
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13922
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13923
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13923
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13924
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13924
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13925
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13925
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13926
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13926
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13927
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13927
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13928
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13928
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13929
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13929
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13930
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13930
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13931
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13931
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13932
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13932
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13933
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13933
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13934
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13934
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13935
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13935
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13936
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13936
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13937
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13937
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13938
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13938
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13939
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13939
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13940
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13940
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13941
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13941
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13942
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13942
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13943
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13943
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13944
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13944
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13945
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13945
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13946
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13946
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13947
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13947
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13948
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13948
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13949
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13949
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13950
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13950
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13951
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13951
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13952
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13952
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13953
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13953
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13954
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13954
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13955
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13955
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13956
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13956
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13957
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13957
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13958
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13958
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13959
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13959
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13960
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13960
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13961
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13961
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13962
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13962
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13963
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13963
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13964
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13964
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13965
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13965
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13966
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13966
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13967
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13967
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13968
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13968
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13969
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13969
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13970
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13970
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13971
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13971
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13972
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13972
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13973
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13973
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13974
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13974
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13975
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13975
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13976
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13976
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13977
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13977
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13978
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13978
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13979
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13979
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13980
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13980
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13981
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13981
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13982
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13982
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13983
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13983
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13984
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13984
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13985
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13985
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13986
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13986
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13987
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13987
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13988
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13988
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13989
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13989
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13990
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13990
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13991
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13991
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13992
Read: a from pipe: 13992
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13993
Read: a from pipe: 13993
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13994
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13994
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13995
Read: a from pipe: 13995
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13996
Read: a from pipe: 13996
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13997
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13997
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13998
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13998
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 13999
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 13999
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14000
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14000
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14001
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14001
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14002
Read: a from pipe: 14002
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14003
Read: a from pipe: 14003
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14004
Read: a from pipe: 14004
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14005
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14005
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14006
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14006
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14007
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14007
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14008
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14008
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14009
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14009
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14010
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14010
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14011
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14011
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14012
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14012
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14013
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14013
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14014
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14014
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14015
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14015
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14016
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14016
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14017
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14017
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14018
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14018
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14019
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14019
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14020
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14020
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14021
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14021
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14022
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14022
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14023
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14023
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14024
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14024
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14025
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14025
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14026
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14026
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14027
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14027
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14028
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14028
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14029
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14029
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14030
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14030
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14031
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14031
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14032
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14032
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14033
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14033
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14034
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14034
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14035
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14035
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14036
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14036
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14037
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14037
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14038
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14038
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14039
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14039
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14040
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14040
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14041
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14041
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14042
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14042
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14043
Read: a from pipe: 14043
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14044
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14044
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14045
Read: a from pipe: 14045
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14046
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14046
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14047
Read: a from pipe: 14047
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14048
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14048
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14049
Read: a from pipe: 14049
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14050
Read: a from pipe: 14050
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14051
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14051
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14052
Read: a from pipe: 14052
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14053
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14053
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14054
Read: a from pipe: 14054
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14055
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14055
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14056
Read: a from pipe: 14056
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14057
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14057
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14058
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14058
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14059
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14059
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14060
Read: a from pipe: 14060
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14061
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14061
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14062
Read: a from pipe: 14062
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14063
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14063
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14064
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14064
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14065
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14065
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14066
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14066
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14067
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14067
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14068
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14068
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14069
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14069
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14070
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14070
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14071
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14071
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14072
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14072
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14073
Read: a from pipe: 14073
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14074
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14074
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14075
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14075
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14076
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14076
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14077
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14077
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14078
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14078
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14079
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14079
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14080
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14080
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14081
Read: a from pipe: 14081
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14082
Read: a from pipe: 14082
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14083
Read: a from pipe: 14083
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14084
Read: a from pipe: 14084
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14085
Read: a from pipe: 14085
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14086
Read: a from pipe: 14086
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14087
Read: a from pipe: 14087
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14088
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14088
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14089
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14089
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14090
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14090
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14091
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14091
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14092
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14092
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14093
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14093
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14094
Read: a from pipe: 14094
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14095
Read: a from pipe: 14095
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14096
Read: a from pipe: 14096
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14097
Read: a from pipe: 14097
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14098
Read: a from pipe: 14098
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14099
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14099
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14100
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14100
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14101
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14101
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14102
Read: a from pipe: 14102
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14103
Read: a from pipe: 14103
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14104
Read: a from pipe: 14104
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14105
Read: a from pipe: 14105
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14106
Read: a from pipe: 14106
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14107
Read: a from pipe: 14107
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14108
Read: a from pipe: 14108
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14109
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14109
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14110
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14110
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14111
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14111
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14112
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14112
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14113
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14113
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14114
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14114
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14115
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14115
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14116
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14116
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14117
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14117
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14118
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14118
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14119
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14119
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14120
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14120
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14121
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14121
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14122
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14122
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14123
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14123
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14124
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14124
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14125
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14125
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14126
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14126
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14127
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14127
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14128
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14128
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14129
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14129
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14130
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14130
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14131
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14131
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14132
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14132
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14133
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14133
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14134
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14134
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14135
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14135
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14136
Read: a from pipe: 14136
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14137
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14137
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14138
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14138
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14139
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14139
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14140
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14140
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14141
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14141
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14142
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14142
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14143
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14143
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14144
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14144
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14145
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14145
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14146
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14146
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14147
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14147
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14148
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14148
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14149
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14149
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14150
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14150
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14151
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14151
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14152
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14152
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14153
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14153
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14154
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14154
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14155
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14155
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14156
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14156
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14157
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14157
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14158
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14158
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14159
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14159
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14160
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14160
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14161
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14161
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14162
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14162
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14163
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14163
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14164
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14164
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14165
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14165
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14166
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14166
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14167
Read: a from pipe: 14167
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14168
Read: a from pipe: 14168
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14169
Read: a from pipe: 14169
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14170
Read: a from pipe: 14170
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14171
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14171
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14172
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14172
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14173
Read: a from pipe: 14173
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14174
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14174
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14175
Read: a from pipe: 14175
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14176
Read: a from pipe: 14176
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14177
Read: a from pipe: 14177
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14178
Read: a from pipe: 14178
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14179
Read: a from pipe: 14179
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14180
Read: a from pipe: 14180
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14181
Read: a from pipe: 14181
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14182
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14182
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14183
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14183
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14184
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14184
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14185
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14185
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14186
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14186
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14187
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14187
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14188
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14188
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14189
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14189
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14190
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14190
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14191
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14191
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14192
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14192
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14193
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14193
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14194
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14194
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14195
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14195
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14196
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14196
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14197
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14197
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14198
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14198
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14199
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14199
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14200
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14200
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14201
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14201
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14202
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14202
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14203
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14203
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14204
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14204
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14205
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14205
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14206
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14206
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14207
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14207
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14208
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14208
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14209
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14209
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14210
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14210
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14211
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14211
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14212
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14212
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14213
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14213
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14214
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14214
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14215
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14215
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14216
Read: a from pipe: 14216
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14217
Read: a from pipe: 14217
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14218
Read: a from pipe: 14218
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14219
Read: a from pipe: 14219
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14220
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14220
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14221
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14221
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14222
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14222
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14223
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14223
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14224
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14224
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14225
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14225
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14226
Read: a from pipe: 14226
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14227
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14227
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14228
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14228
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14229
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14229
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14230
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14230
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14231
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14231
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14232
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14232
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14233
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14233
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14234
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14234
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14235
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14235
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14236
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14236
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14237
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14237
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14238
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14238
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14239
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14239
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14240
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14240
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14241
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14241
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14242
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14242
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14243
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14243
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14244
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14244
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14245
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14245
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14246
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14246
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14247
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14247
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for write
opened for read
Wrote: a to pipe: 14248
Read: a from pipe: 14248
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14249
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14249
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14250
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14250
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14251
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14251
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14252
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14252
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14253
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14253
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14254
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14254
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14255
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14255
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14256
Read: a from pipe: 14256
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14257
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14257
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14258
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14258
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14259
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14259
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14260
Read: a from pipe: 14260
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14261
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14261
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14262
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14262
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14263
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14263
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14264
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14264
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14265
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14265
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14266
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14266
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14267
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14267
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14268
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14268
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14269
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14269
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14270
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14270
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14271
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14271
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14272
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14272
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14273
Read: a from pipe: 14273
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14274
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14274
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14275
Read: a from pipe: 14275
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14276
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14276
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14277
Read: a from pipe: 14277
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14278
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14278
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14279
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14279
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14280
Read: a from pipe: 14280
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14281
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14281
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14282
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14282
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14283
Read: a from pipe: 14283
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14284
Read: a from pipe: 14284
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14285
Read: a from pipe: 14285
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14286
Read: a from pipe: 14286
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14287
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14287
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14288
Read: a from pipe: 14288
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14289
Read: a from pipe: 14289
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14290
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14290
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14291
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14291
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14292
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14292
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14293
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14293
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14294
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14294
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14295
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14295
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14296
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14296
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14297
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14297
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14298
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14298
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14299
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14299
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14300
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14300
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14301
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14301
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14302
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14302
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14303
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14303
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14304
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14304
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14305
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14305
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14306
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14306
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14307
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14307
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14308
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14308
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14309
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14309
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14310
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14310
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14311
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14311
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14312
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14312
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14313
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14313
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14314
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14314
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14315
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14315
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14316
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14316
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14317
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14317
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14318
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14318
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14319
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14319
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14320
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14320
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14321
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14321
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14322
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14322
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14323
Read: a from pipe: 14323
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14324
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14324
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14325
Read: a from pipe: 14325
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14326
Read: a from pipe: 14326
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14327
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14327
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14328
Read: a from pipe: 14328
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14329
Read: a from pipe: 14329
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14330
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14330
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14331
Read: a from pipe: 14331
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14332
Read: a from pipe: 14332
completed write
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14333
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14333
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14334
Read: a from pipe: 14334
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14335
Read: a from pipe: 14335
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14336
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14336
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14337
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14337
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14338
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14338
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14339
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14339
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14340
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14340
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14341
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14341
completed read
in cleanup overhead
in initialise_overhead
in benchmark overhead
iterations 1291
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14342
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14342
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14343
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14343
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14344
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14344
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14345
Read: a from pipe: 14345
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14346
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14346
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14347
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14347
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14348
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14348
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14349
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14349
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14350
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14350
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14351
Read: a from pipe: 14351
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14352
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14352
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14353
Read: a from pipe: 14353
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14354
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14354
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14355
Read: a from pipe: 14355
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14356
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14356
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14357
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14357
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Read: a from pipe: 14358
completed read
Wrote: a to pipe: 14358
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14359
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14359
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14360
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14360
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14361
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14361
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14362
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14362
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14363
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14363
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14364
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14364
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14365
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14365
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14366
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14366
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14367
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14367
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14368
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14368
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14369
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14369
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14370
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14370
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14371
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14371
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14372
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14372
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14373
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14373
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14374
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14374
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14375
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14375
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14376
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14376
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14377
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14377
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14378
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14378
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14379
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14379
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14380
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14380
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14381
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14381
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14382
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14382
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14383
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14383
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14384
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14384
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14385
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14385
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14386
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14386
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14387
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14387
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14388
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14388
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14389
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14389
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14390
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14390
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14391
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14391
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14392
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14392
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14393
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14393
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14394
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14394
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14395
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14395
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14396
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14396
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14397
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14397
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14398
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14398
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14399
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14399
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14400
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14400
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14401
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14401
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14402
Read: a from pipe: 14402
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14403
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14403
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14404
Read: a from pipe: 14404
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14405
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14405
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14406
Read: a from pipe: 14406
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14407
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14407
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14408
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14408
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14409
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14409
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14410
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14410
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14411
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14411
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14412
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14412
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14413
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14413
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14414
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14414
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14415
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14415
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14416
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14416
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14417
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14417
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14418
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14418
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14419
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14419
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14420
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14420
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14421
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14421
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14422
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14422
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14423
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14423
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14424
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14424
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14425
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14425
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14426
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14426
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14427
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14427
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14428
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14428
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14429
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14429
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14430
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14430
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14431
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14431
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14432
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14432
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14433
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14433
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14434
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14434
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14435
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14435
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14436
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14436
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14437
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14437
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14438
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14438
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14439
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14439
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14440
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14440
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14441
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14441
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14442
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14442
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14443
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14443
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14444
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14444
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14445
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14445
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14446
Read: a from pipe: 14446
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14447
Read: a from pipe: 14447
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14448
Read: a from pipe: 14448
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14449
Read: a from pipe: 14449
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14450
Read: a from pipe: 14450
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14451
Read: a from pipe: 14451
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14452
Read: a from pipe: 14452
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14453
Read: a from pipe: 14453
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14454
Read: a from pipe: 14454
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14455
Read: a from pipe: 14455
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14456
Read: a from pipe: 14456
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14457
Read: a from pipe: 14457
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14458
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14458
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14459
Read: a from pipe: 14459
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14460
Read: a from pipe: 14460
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14461
Read: a from pipe: 14461
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14462
Read: a from pipe: 14462
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14463
Read: a from pipe: 14463
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14464
Read: a from pipe: 14464
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14465
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14465
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14466
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14466
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14467
Read: a from pipe: 14467
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14468
Read: a from pipe: 14468
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14469
Read: a from pipe: 14469
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14470
Read: a from pipe: 14470
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14471
Read: a from pipe: 14471
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14472
Read: a from pipe: 14472
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14473
Read: a from pipe: 14473
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14474
Read: a from pipe: 14474
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14475
Read: a from pipe: 14475
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14476
Read: a from pipe: 14476
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14477
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14477
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14478
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14478
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14479
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14479
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14480
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14480
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14481
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14481
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14482
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14482
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14483
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14483
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14484
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14484
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14485
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14485
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14486
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14486
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14487
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14487
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14488
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14488
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14489
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14489
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14490
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14490
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14491
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14491
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14492
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14492
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14493
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14493
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14494
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14494
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14495
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14495
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14496
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14496
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14497
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14497
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14498
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14498
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14499
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14499
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14500
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14500
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14501
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14501
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14502
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14502
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14503
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14503
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14504
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14504
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14505
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14505
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14506
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14506
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14507
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14507
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14508
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14508
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14509
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14509
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14510
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14510
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14511
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14511
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14512
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14512
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14513
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14513
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14514
Read: a from pipe: 14514
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14515
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14515
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14516
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14516
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14517
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14517
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14518
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14518
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14519
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14519
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14520
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14520
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14521
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14521
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14522
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14522
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14523
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14523
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14524
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14524
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14525
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14525
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14526
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14526
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14527
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14527
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14528
Read: a from pipe: 14528
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14529
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14529
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14530
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14530
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14531
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14531
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14532
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14532
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14533
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14533
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14534
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14534
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14535
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14535
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14536
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14536
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14537
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14537
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14538
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14538
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14539
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14539
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14540
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14540
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14541
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14541
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14542
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14542
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14543
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14543
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14544
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14544
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14545
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14545
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14546
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14546
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14547
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14547
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14548
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14548
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14549
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14549
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14550
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14550
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14551
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14551
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14552
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14552
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14553
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14553
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14554
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14554
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14555
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14555
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14556
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14556
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14557
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14557
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14558
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14558
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14559
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14559
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14560
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14560
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14561
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14561
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14562
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14562
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14563
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14563
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14564
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14564
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14565
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14565
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14566
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14566
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14567
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14567
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14568
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14568
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14569
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14569
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14570
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14570
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14571
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14571
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14572
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14572
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14573
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14573
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14574
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14574
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14575
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14575
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14576
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14576
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14577
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14577
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14578
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14578
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14579
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14579
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14580
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14580
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14581
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14581
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14582
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14582
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14583
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14583
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14584
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14584
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14585
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14585
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14586
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14586
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14587
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14587
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14588
Read: a from pipe: 14588
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14589
completed write
i=2
Read: a from pipe: 14589
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14590
Read: a from pipe: 14590
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14591
Read: a from pipe: 14591
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14592
Read: a from pipe: 14592
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14593
Read: a from pipe: 14593
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14594
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14594
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14595
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14595
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14596
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14596
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14597
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14597
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14598
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14598
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14599
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14599
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14600
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14600
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14601
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14601
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14602
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14602
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14603
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14603
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14604
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14604
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14605
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14605
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14606
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14606
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14607
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14607
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14608
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14608
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14609
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14609
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14610
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14610
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14611
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14611
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14612
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14612
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14613
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14613
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14614
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14614
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14615
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14615
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14616
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14616
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14617
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14617
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14618
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14618
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14619
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14619
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14620
Read: a from pipe: 14620
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14621
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14621
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14622
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14622
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14623
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14623
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14624
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14624
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14625
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14625
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14626
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14626
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14627
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14627
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14628
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14628
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14629
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14629
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14630
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14630
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14631
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14631
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14632
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14632
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14633
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14633
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14634
Read: a from pipe: 14634
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14635
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14635
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14636
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14636
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14637
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14637
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14638
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14638
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14639
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14639
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14640
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14640
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14641
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14641
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14642
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14642
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14643
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14643
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14644
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14644
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14645
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14645
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14646
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14646
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14647
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14647
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14648
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14648
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14649
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14649
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14650
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14650
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14651
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14651
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14652
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14652
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14653
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14653
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14654
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14654
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14655
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14655
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14656
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14656
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14657
Read: a from pipe: 14657
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14658
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14658
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14659
Read: a from pipe: 14659
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14660
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14660
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14661
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14661
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14662
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14662
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14663
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14663
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14664
Read: a from pipe: 14664
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14665
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14665
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14666
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14666
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14667
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14667
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14668
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14668
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14669
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14669
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14670
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14670
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14671
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14671
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14672
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14672
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14673
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14673
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14674
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14674
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14675
Read: a from pipe: 14675
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14676
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14676
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14677
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14677
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14678
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14678
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14679
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14679
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14680
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14680
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14681
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14681
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14682
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14682
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14683
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14683
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14684
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14684
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14685
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14685
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14686
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14686
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14687
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14687
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14688
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14688
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14689
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14689
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14690
Read: a from pipe: 14690
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14691
Read: a from pipe: 14691
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14692
Read: a from pipe: 14692
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14693
Read: a from pipe: 14693
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14694
Read: a from pipe: 14694
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14695
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14695
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14696
Read: a from pipe: 14696
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14697
Read: a from pipe: 14697
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14698
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14698
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14699
Read: a from pipe: 14699
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14700
Read: a from pipe: 14700
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14701
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14701
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14702
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14702
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14703
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14703
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14704
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14704
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14705
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14705
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14706
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14706
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14707
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14707
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14708
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14708
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14709
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14709
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14710
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14710
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14711
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14711
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14712
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14712
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14713
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14713
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14714
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14714
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14715
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14715
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14716
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14716
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14717
Read: a from pipe: 14717
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14718
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14718
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14719
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14719
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14720
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14720
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14721
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14721
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14722
Read: a from pipe: 14722
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14723
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14723
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14724
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14724
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14725
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14725
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14726
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14726
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14727
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14727
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14728
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14728
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14729
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14729
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14730
Read: a from pipe: 14730
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14731
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14731
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14732
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14732
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14733
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14733
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14734
Read: a from pipe: 14734
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14735
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14735
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14736
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14736
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14737
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14737
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14738
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14738
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14739
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14739
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14740
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14740
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14741
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14741
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14742
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14742
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14743
Read: a from pipe: 14743
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14744
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14744
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14745
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14745
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14746
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14746
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14747
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14747
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14748
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14748
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14749
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14749
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14750
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14750
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14751
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14751
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14752
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14752
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14753
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14753
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14754
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14754
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14755
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14755
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14756
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14756
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14757
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14757
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14758
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14758
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14759
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14759
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14760
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14760
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14761
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14761
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14762
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14762
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14763
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14763
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14764
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14764
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14765
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14765
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14766
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14766
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14767
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14767
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14768
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14768
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14769
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14769
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14770
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14770
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14771
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14771
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14772
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14772
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14773
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14773
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14774
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14774
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14775
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14775
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14776
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14776
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14777
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14777
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14778
Read: a from pipe: 14778
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14779
Read: a from pipe: 14779
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14780
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14780
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14781
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14781
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14782
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14782
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14783
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14783
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14784
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14784
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14785
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14785
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14786
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14786
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14787
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14787
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14788
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14788
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14789
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14789
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14790
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14790
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14791
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14791
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14792
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14792
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14793
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14793
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14794
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14794
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14795
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14795
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14796
Read: a from pipe: 14796
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14797
Read: a from pipe: 14797
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14798
Read: a from pipe: 14798
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14799
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14799
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14800
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14800
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14801
Read: a from pipe: 14801
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14802
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14802
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14803
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14803
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14804
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14804
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14805
Read: a from pipe: 14805
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14806
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14806
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14807
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14807
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14808
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14808
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14809
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14809
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14810
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14810
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14811
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14811
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14812
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14812
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14813
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14813
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14814
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14814
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14815
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14815
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14816
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14816
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14817
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14817
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14818
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14818
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14819
Read: a from pipe: 14819
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14820
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14820
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14821
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14821
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14822
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14822
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14823
Read: a from pipe: 14823
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14824
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14824
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14825
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14825
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14826
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14826
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14827
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14827
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14828
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14828
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14829
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14829
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14830
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14830
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14831
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14831
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14832
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14832
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14833
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14833
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14834
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14834
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14835
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14835
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14836
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14836
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14837
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14837
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14838
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14838
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14839
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14839
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14840
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14840
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14841
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14841
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14842
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14842
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14843
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14843
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14844
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14844
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14845
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14845
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14846
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14846
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14847
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14847
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14848
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14848
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14849
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14849
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14850
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14850
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14851
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14851
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14852
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14852
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14853
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14853
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14854
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14854
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14855
Read: a from pipe: 14855
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14856
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14856
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14857
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14857
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14858
Read: a from pipe: 14858
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14859
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14859
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14860
Read: a from pipe: 14860
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14861
Read: a from pipe: 14861
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14862
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14862
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14863
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14863
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14864
Read: a from pipe: 14864
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14865
Read: a from pipe: 14865
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14866
Read: a from pipe: 14866
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14867
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14867
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14868
Read: a from pipe: 14868
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14869
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14869
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14870
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14870
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14871
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14871
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14872
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14872
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14873
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14873
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14874
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14874
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14875
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14875
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14876
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14876
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14877
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14877
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14878
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14878
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14879
Read: a from pipe: 14879
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14880
Read: a from pipe: 14880
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14881
Read: a from pipe: 14881
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14882
Read: a from pipe: 14882
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14883
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14883
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14884
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14884
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14885
Read: a from pipe: 14885
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14886
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14886
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14887
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14887
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14888
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14888
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14889
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14889
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14890
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14890
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14891
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14891
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14892
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14892
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14893
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14893
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14894
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14894
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14895
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14895
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14896
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14896
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14897
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14897
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14898
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14898
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14899
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14899
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14900
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14900
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14901
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14901
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14902
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14902
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14903
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14903
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14904
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14904
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14905
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14905
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14906
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14906
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14907
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14907
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14908
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14908
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14909
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14909
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14910
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14910
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14911
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14911
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14912
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14912
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14913
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14913
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14914
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14914
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14915
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14915
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14916
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14916
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14917
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14917
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14918
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14918
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14919
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14919
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14920
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14920
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14921
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14921
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14922
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14922
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14923
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14923
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14924
Read: a from pipe: 14924
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14925
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14925
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14926
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14926
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14927
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14927
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14928
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14928
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14929
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14929
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14930
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14930
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14931
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14931
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14932
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14932
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14933
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14933
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14934
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14934
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14935
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14935
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14936
Read: a from pipe: 14936
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14937
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14937
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14938
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14938
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14939
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14939
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14940
Read: a from pipe: 14940
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14941
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14941
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14942
Read: a from pipe: 14942
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14943
Read: a from pipe: 14943
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14944
Read: a from pipe: 14944
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14945
Read: a from pipe: 14945
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14946
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14946
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14947
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14947
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14948
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14948
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14949
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14949
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14950
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14950
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14951
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14951
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14952
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14952
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14953
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14953
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14954
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14954
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14955
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14955
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14956
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14956
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14957
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14957
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14958
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14958
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14959
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14959
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14960
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14960
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14961
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14961
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14962
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14962
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14963
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14963
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14964
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14964
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14965
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14965
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14966
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14966
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14967
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14967
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14968
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14968
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14969
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14969
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14970
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14970
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14971
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14971
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14972
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14972
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14973
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14973
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14974
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14974
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14975
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14975
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14976
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14976
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14977
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14977
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14978
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14978
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14979
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14979
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14980
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14980
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14981
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14981
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14982
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14982
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14983
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14983
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14984
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14984
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14985
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14985
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14986
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14986
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14987
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14987
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14988
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14988
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14989
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14989
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14990
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14990
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14991
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14991
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14992
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14992
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14993
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14993
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14994
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14994
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14995
Read: a from pipe: 14995
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14996
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14996
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14997
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14997
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14998
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 14998
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 14999
Read: a from pipe: 14999
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15000
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15000
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15001
Read: a from pipe: 15001
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15002
Read: a from pipe: 15002
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15003
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15003
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15004
Read: a from pipe: 15004
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15005
Read: a from pipe: 15005
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15006
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15006
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15007
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15007
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15008
Read: a from pipe: 15008
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15009
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15009
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15010
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15010
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15011
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15011
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15012
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15012
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15013
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15013
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15014
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15014
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15015
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15015
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15016
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15016
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15017
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15017
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15018
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15018
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15019
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15019
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15020
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15020
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15021
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15021
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15022
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15022
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15023
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15023
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15024
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15024
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15025
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15025
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15026
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15026
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15027
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15027
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15028
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15028
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15029
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15029
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15030
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15030
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15031
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15031
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15032
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15032
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15033
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15033
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15034
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15034
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15035
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15035
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15036
Read: a from pipe: 15036
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15037
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15037
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15038
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15038
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15039
Read: a from pipe: 15039
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15040
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15040
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15041
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15041
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15042
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15042
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15043
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15043
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15044
Read: a from pipe: 15044
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15045
Read: a from pipe: 15045
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15046
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15046
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15047
Read: a from pipe: 15047
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15048
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15048
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15049
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15049
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15050
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15050
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15051
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15051
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15052
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15052
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15053
Read: a from pipe: 15053
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15054
Read: a from pipe: 15054
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15055
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15055
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15056
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15056
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15057
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15057
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15058
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15058
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15059
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15059
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15060
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15060
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15061
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15061
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15062
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15062
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15063
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15063
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15064
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15064
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15065
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15065
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15066
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15066
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15067
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15067
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15068
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15068
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15069
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15069
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15070
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15070
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15071
Read: a from pipe: 15071
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15072
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15072
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15073
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15073
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15074
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15074
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15075
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15075
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15076
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15076
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15077
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15077
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15078
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15078
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15079
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15079
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15080
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15080
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15081
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15081
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15082
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15082
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15083
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15083
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15084
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15084
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15085
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15085
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15086
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15086
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15087
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15087
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15088
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15088
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15089
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15089
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15090
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15090
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15091
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15091
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15092
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15092
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15093
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15093
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15094
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15094
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15095
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15095
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15096
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15096
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15097
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15097
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15098
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15098
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15099
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15099
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15100
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15100
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15101
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15101
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15102
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15102
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15103
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15103
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15104
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15104
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15105
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15105
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15106
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15106
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15107
Read: a from pipe: 15107
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15108
Read: a from pipe: 15108
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15109
Read: a from pipe: 15109
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15110
Read: a from pipe: 15110
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15111
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15111
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15112
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15112
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15113
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15113
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15114
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15114
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15115
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15115
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15116
Read: a from pipe: 15116
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15117
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15117
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15118
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15118
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15119
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15119
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15120
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15120
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15121
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15121
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15122
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15122
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15123
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15123
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15124
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15124
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15125
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15125
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15126
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15126
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15127
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15127
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15128
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15128
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15129
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15129
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15130
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15130
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15131
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15131
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15132
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15132
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15133
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15133
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15134
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15134
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15135
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15135
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15136
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15136
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15137
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15137
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15138
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15138
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15139
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15139
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15140
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15140
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15141
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15141
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15142
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15142
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15143
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15143
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15144
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15144
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15145
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15145
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15146
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15146
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15147
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15147
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15148
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15148
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15149
Read: a from pipe: 15149
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15150
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15150
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15151
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15151
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15152
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15152
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15153
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15153
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15154
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15154
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15155
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15155
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15156
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15156
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15157
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15157
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15158
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15158
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15159
Read: a from pipe: 15159
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15160
Read: a from pipe: 15160
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15161
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15161
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15162
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15162
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15163
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15163
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15164
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15164
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15165
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15165
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15166
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15166
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15167
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15167
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15168
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15168
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15169
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15169
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15170
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15170
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15171
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15171
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15172
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15172
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15173
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15173
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15174
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15174
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15175
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15175
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15176
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15176
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15177
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15177
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15178
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15178
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15179
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15179
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15180
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15180
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15181
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15181
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15182
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15182
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15183
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15183
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15184
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15184
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15185
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15185
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15186
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15186
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15187
Read: a from pipe: 15187
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15188
Read: a from pipe: 15188
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15189
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15189
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15190
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15190
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15191
Read: a from pipe: 15191
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15192
Read: a from pipe: 15192
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15193
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15193
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15194
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15194
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15195
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15195
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15196
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15196
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15197
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15197
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15198
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15198
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15199
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15199
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15200
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15200
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15201
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15201
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15202
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15202
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15203
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15203
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15204
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15204
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15205
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15205
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15206
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15206
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15207
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15207
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15208
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15208
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15209
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15209
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15210
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15210
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15211
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15211
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15212
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15212
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15213
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15213
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15214
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15214
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15215
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15215
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15216
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15216
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15217
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15217
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15218
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15218
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15219
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15219
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15220
Read: a from pipe: 15220
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15221
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15221
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15222
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15222
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15223
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15223
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15224
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15224
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15225
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15225
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15226
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15226
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15227
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15227
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15228
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15228
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15229
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15229
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15230
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15230
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15231
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15231
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15232
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15232
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15233
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15233
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15234
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15234
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15235
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15235
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15236
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15236
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15237
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15237
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15238
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15238
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15239
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15239
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15240
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15240
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15241
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15241
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15242
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15242
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15243
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15243
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15244
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15244
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15245
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15245
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15246
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15246
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15247
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15247
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15248
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15248
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15249
Read: a from pipe: 15249
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15250
Read: a from pipe: 15250
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15251
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15251
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15252
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15252
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15253
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15253
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15254
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15254
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15255
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15255
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15256
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15256
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15257
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15257
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15258
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15258
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15259
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15259
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15260
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15260
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15261
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15261
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15262
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15262
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15263
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15263
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15264
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15264
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15265
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15265
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15266
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15266
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15267
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15267
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15268
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15268
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15269
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15269
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15270
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15270
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15271
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15271
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15272
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15272
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15273
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15273
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15274
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15274
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15275
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15275
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15276
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15276
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15277
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15277
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15278
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15278
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15279
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15279
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15280
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15280
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15281
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15281
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15282
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15282
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15283
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15283
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15284
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15284
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15285
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15285
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15286
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15286
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15287
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15287
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15288
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15288
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15289
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15289
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15290
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15290
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15291
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15291
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15292
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15292
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15293
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15293
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15294
Read: a from pipe: 15294
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15295
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15295
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15296
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15296
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15297
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15297
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15298
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15298
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15299
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15299
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15300
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15300
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15301
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15301
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15302
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15302
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15303
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15303
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15304
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15304
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15305
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15305
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15306
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15306
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15307
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15307
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15308
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15308
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15309
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15309
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15310
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15310
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15311
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15311
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15312
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15312
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15313
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15313
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15314
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15314
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15315
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15315
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15316
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15316
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15317
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15317
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15318
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15318
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15319
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15319
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15320
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15320
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15321
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15321
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15322
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15322
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15323
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15323
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15324
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15324
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15325
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15325
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15326
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15326
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15327
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15327
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15328
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15328
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15329
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15329
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15330
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15330
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15331
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15331
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15332
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15332
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15333
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15333
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15334
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15334
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15335
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15335
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15336
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15336
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15337
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15337
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15338
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15338
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15339
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15339
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15340
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15340
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15341
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15341
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15342
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15342
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15343
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15343
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15344
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15344
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15345
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15345
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15346
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15346
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15347
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15347
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15348
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15348
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15349
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15349
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15350
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15350
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15351
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15351
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15352
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15352
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15353
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15353
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15354
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15354
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15355
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15355
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15356
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15356
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15357
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15357
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15358
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15358
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15359
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15359
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15360
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15360
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15361
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15361
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15362
Read: a from pipe: 15362
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15363
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15363
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15364
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15364
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15365
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15365
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15366
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15366
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15367
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15367
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15368
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15368
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15369
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15369
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15370
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15370
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15371
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15371
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15372
Read: a from pipe: 15372
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15373
Read: a from pipe: 15373
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15374
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15374
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15375
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15375
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15376
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15376
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15377
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15377
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15378
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15378
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15379
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15379
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15380
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15380
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15381
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15381
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15382
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15382
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15383
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15383
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15384
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15384
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15385
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15385
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15386
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15386
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15387
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15387
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15388
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15388
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15389
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15389
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15390
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15390
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15391
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15391
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15392
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15392
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15393
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15393
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15394
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15394
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15395
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15395
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15396
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15396
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15397
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15397
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15398
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15398
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15399
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15399
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15400
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15400
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15401
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15401
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15402
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15402
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15403
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15403
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15404
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15404
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15405
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15405
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15406
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15406
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15407
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15407
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15408
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15408
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15409
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15409
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15410
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15410
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15411
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15411
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15412
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15412
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15413
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15413
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15414
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15414
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15415
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15415
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15416
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15416
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15417
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15417
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15418
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15418
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15419
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15419
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15420
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15420
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15421
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15421
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15422
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15422
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15423
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15423
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15424
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15424
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15425
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15425
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15426
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15426
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15427
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15427
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15428
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15428
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15429
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15429
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15430
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15430
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15431
Read: a from pipe: 15431
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15432
Read: a from pipe: 15432
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15433
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15433
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15434
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15434
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15435
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15435
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15436
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15436
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15437
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15437
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15438
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15438
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15439
Read: a from pipe: 15439
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15440
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15440
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15441
Read: a from pipe: 15441
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15442
Read: a from pipe: 15442
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15443
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15443
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15444
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15444
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15445
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15445
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15446
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15446
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15447
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15447
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15448
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15448
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15449
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15449
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15450
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15450
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15451
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15451
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15452
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15452
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15453
Read: a from pipe: 15453
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15454
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15454
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15455
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15455
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15456
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15456
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15457
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15457
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15458
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15458
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15459
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15459
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15460
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15460
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15461
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15461
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15462
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15462
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15463
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15463
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15464
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15464
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15465
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15465
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15466
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15466
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15467
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15467
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15468
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15468
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15469
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15469
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15470
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15470
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15471
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15471
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15472
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15472
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15473
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15473
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15474
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15474
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15475
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15475
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15476
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15476
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15477
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15477
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15478
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15478
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15479
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15479
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15480
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15480
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15481
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15481
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15482
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15482
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15483
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15483
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15484
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15484
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15485
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15485
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15486
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15486
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15487
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15487
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15488
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15488
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15489
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15489
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15490
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15490
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15491
Read: a from pipe: 15491
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15492
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15492
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15493
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15493
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15494
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15494
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15495
Read: a from pipe: 15495
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15496
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15496
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15497
Read: a from pipe: 15497
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15498
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15498
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15499
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15499
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15500
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15500
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15501
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15501
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15502
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15502
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15503
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15503
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15504
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15504
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15505
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15505
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15506
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15506
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15507
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15507
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15508
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15508
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15509
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15509
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15510
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15510
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15511
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15511
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15512
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15512
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15513
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15513
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15514
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15514
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15515
Read: a from pipe: 15515
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15516
Read: a from pipe: 15516
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15517
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15517
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15518
Read: a from pipe: 15518
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15519
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15519
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15520
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15520
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15521
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15521
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15522
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15522
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15523
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15523
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15524
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15524
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15525
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15525
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15526
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15526
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15527
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15527
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15528
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15528
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15529
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15529
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15530
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15530
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15531
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15531
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15532
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15532
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15533
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15533
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15534
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15534
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15535
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15535
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15536
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15536
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15537
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15537
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15538
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15538
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15539
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15539
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15540
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15540
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15541
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15541
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15542
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15542
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15543
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15543
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15544
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15544
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15545
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15545
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15546
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15546
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15547
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15547
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15548
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15548
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15549
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15549
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15550
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15550
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15551
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15551
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15552
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15552
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15553
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15553
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15554
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15554
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15555
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15555
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15556
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15556
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15557
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15557
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15558
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15558
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15559
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15559
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15560
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15560
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15561
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15561
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15562
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15562
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15563
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15563
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15564
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15564
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15565
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15565
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15566
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15566
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15567
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15567
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15568
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15568
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15569
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15569
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15570
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15570
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15571
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15571
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15572
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15572
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15573
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15573
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15574
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15574
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15575
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15575
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15576
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15576
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15577
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15577
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15578
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15578
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15579
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15579
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15580
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15580
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15581
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15581
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15582
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15582
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15583
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15583
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15584
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15584
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15585
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15585
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15586
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15586
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15587
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15587
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15588
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15588
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15589
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15589
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15590
Read: a from pipe: 15590
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15591
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15591
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15592
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15592
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15593
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15593
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15594
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15594
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15595
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15595
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15596
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15596
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15597
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15597
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15598
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15598
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15599
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15599
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15600
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15600
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15601
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15601
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15602
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15602
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15603
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15603
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15604
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15604
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15605
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15605
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15606
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15606
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15607
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15607
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15608
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15608
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15609
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15609
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15610
Read: a from pipe: 15610
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15611
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15611
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15612
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15612
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15613
Read: a from pipe: 15613
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15614
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15614
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15615
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15615
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15616
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15616
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15617
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15617
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15618
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15618
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15619
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15619
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15620
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15620
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15621
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15621
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15622
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15622
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15623
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15623
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15624
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15624
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15625
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15625
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15626
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15626
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15627
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15627
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15628
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15628
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15629
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15629
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15630
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15630
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15631
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15631
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15632
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15632
completed read
in cleanup overhead
in initialise_overhead
in benchmark overhead
iterations 999
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for write
opened for read
Wrote: a to pipe: 15633
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15633
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15634
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15634
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15635
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15635
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15636
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15636
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15637
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15637
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15638
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15638
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15639
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15639
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15640
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15640
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15641
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15641
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15642
opened for read
completed write
i=1
Read: a from pipe: 15642
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15643
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15643
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15644
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15644
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15645
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15645
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15646
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15646
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15647
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15647
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15648
Read: a from pipe: 15648
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15649
Read: a from pipe: 15649
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15650
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15650
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15651
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15651
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15652
Read: a from pipe: 15652
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15653
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15653
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15654
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15654
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15655
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15655
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15656
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15656
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15657
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15657
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15658
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15658
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15659
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15659
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15660
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15660
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15661
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15661
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15662
Read: a from pipe: 15662
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15663
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15663
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15664
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15664
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15665
Read: a from pipe: 15665
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15666
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15666
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15667
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15667
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15668
Read: a from pipe: 15668
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15669
Read: a from pipe: 15669
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15670
Read: a from pipe: 15670
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15671
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15671
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15672
Read: a from pipe: 15672
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15673
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15673
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15674
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15674
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15675
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15675
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15676
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15676
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15677
Read: a from pipe: 15677
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15678
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15678
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15679
Read: a from pipe: 15679
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15680
Read: a from pipe: 15680
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15681
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15681
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15682
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15682
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15683
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15683
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15684
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15684
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15685
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15685
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15686
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15686
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15687
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15687
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15688
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15688
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15689
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15689
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15690
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15690
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15691
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15691
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15692
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15692
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15693
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15693
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15694
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15694
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15695
Read: a from pipe: 15695
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15696
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15696
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15697
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15697
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15698
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15698
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15699
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15699
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15700
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15700
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15701
Read: a from pipe: 15701
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15702
Read: a from pipe: 15702
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15703
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15703
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15704
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15704
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15705
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15705
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15706
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15706
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15707
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15707
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15708
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15708
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15709
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15709
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15710
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15710
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15711
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15711
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15712
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15712
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15713
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15713
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15714
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15714
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15715
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15715
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15716
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15716
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15717
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15717
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15718
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15718
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15719
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15719
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15720
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15720
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15721
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15721
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15722
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15722
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15723
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15723
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15724
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15724
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15725
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15725
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15726
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15726
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15727
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15727
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15728
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15728
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15729
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15729
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15730
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15730
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15731
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15731
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15732
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15732
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15733
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15733
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15734
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15734
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15735
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15735
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15736
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15736
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15737
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15737
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15738
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15738
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15739
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15739
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15740
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15740
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15741
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15741
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15742
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15742
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15743
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15743
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15744
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15744
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15745
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15745
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15746
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15746
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15747
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15747
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15748
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15748
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15749
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15749
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15750
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15750
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15751
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15751
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15752
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15752
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15753
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15753
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15754
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15754
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15755
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15755
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15756
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15756
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15757
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15757
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15758
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15758
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15759
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15759
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15760
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15760
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15761
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15761
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15762
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15762
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15763
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15763
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15764
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15764
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15765
Read: a from pipe: 15765
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15766
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15766
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15767
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15767
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15768
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15768
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15769
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15769
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15770
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15770
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15771
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15771
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15772
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15772
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15773
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15773
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15774
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15774
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15775
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15775
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15776
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15776
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15777
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15777
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15778
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15778
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15779
Read: a from pipe: 15779
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15780
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15780
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15781
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15781
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15782
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15782
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15783
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15783
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15784
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15784
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15785
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15785
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15786
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15786
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15787
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15787
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15788
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15788
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15789
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15789
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15790
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15790
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15791
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15791
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15792
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15792
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15793
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15793
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15794
Read: a from pipe: 15794
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15795
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15795
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15796
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15796
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15797
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15797
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15798
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15798
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15799
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15799
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15800
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15800
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15801
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15801
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15802
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15802
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15803
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15803
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15804
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15804
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15805
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15805
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15806
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15806
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15807
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15807
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15808
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15808
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15809
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15809
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15810
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15810
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15811
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15811
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15812
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15812
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15813
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15813
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15814
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15814
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15815
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15815
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15816
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15816
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15817
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15817
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15818
Read: a from pipe: 15818
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15819
Read: a from pipe: 15819
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15820
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15820
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15821
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15821
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15822
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15822
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15823
Read: a from pipe: 15823
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15824
Read: a from pipe: 15824
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15825
Read: a from pipe: 15825
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15826
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15826
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15827
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15827
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15828
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15828
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15829
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15829
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15830
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15830
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15831
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15831
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15832
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15832
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15833
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15833
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15834
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15834
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15835
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15835
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15836
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15836
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15837
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15837
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15838
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15838
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15839
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15839
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15840
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15840
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15841
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15841
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15842
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15842
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15843
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15843
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15844
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15844
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15845
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15845
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15846
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15846
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15847
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15847
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15848
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15848
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15849
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15849
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15850
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15850
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15851
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15851
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15852
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15852
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15853
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15853
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15854
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15854
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15855
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15855
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15856
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15856
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15857
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15857
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15858
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15858
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15859
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15859
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15860
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15860
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15861
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15861
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15862
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15862
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15863
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15863
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15864
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15864
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15865
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15865
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15866
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15866
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15867
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15867
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15868
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15868
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15869
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15869
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15870
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15870
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15871
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15871
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15872
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15872
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15873
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15873
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15874
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15874
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15875
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15875
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15876
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15876
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15877
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15877
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15878
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15878
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15879
Read: a from pipe: 15879
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15880
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15880
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15881
Read: a from pipe: 15881
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15882
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15882
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15883
Read: a from pipe: 15883
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15884
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15884
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15885
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15885
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15886
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15886
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15887
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15887
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15888
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15888
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15889
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15889
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15890
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15890
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15891
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15891
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15892
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15892
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15893
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15893
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15894
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15894
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15895
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15895
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15896
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15896
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15897
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15897
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15898
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15898
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15899
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15899
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15900
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15900
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15901
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15901
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15902
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15902
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15903
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15903
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15904
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15904
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15905
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15905
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15906
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15906
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15907
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15907
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15908
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15908
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15909
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15909
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15910
Read: a from pipe: 15910
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15911
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15911
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15912
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15912
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15913
Read: a from pipe: 15913
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15914
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15914
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15915
Read: a from pipe: 15915
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15916
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15916
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15917
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15917
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15918
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15918
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15919
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15919
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15920
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15920
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15921
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15921
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15922
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15922
completed read
i=2
started open for read
started open for write
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15923
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15923
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15924
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15924
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15925
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15925
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15926
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15926
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15927
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15927
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15928
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15928
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15929
Read: a from pipe: 15929
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15930
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15930
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15931
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15931
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15932
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15932
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15933
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15933
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15934
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15934
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15935
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15935
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15936
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15936
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15937
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15937
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15938
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15938
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15939
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15939
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15940
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15940
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15941
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15941
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15942
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15942
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15943
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15943
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15944
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15944
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15945
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15945
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15946
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15946
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15947
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15947
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15948
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15948
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15949
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15949
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15950
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15950
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15951
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15951
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15952
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15952
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15953
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15953
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15954
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15954
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15955
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15955
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15956
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15956
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15957
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15957
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15958
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15958
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15959
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15959
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15960
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15960
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15961
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15961
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15962
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15962
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15963
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15963
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15964
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15964
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15965
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15965
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15966
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15966
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15967
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15967
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15968
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15968
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15969
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15969
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15970
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15970
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15971
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15971
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15972
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15972
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15973
Read: a from pipe: 15973
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15974
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15974
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15975
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15975
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15976
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15976
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15977
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15977
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15978
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15978
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15979
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15979
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15980
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15980
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15981
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15981
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15982
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15982
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15983
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15983
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15984
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15984
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15985
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15985
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15986
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15986
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15987
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15987
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15988
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15988
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15989
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15989
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15990
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15990
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15991
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15991
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15992
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15992
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15993
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15993
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15994
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15994
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15995
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15995
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15996
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15996
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15997
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15997
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15998
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15998
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 15999
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 15999
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16000
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16000
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16001
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16001
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16002
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16002
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16003
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16003
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16004
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16004
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16005
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16005
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16006
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16006
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16007
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16007
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16008
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16008
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16009
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16009
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16010
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16010
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16011
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16011
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16012
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16012
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16013
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16013
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16014
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16014
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16015
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16015
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16016
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16016
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16017
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16017
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16018
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16018
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16019
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16019
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16020
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16020
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16021
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16021
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16022
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16022
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16023
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16023
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16024
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16024
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16025
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16025
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16026
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16026
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16027
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16027
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16028
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16028
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16029
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16029
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16030
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16030
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16031
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16031
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16032
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16032
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16033
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16033
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16034
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16034
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16035
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16035
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16036
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16036
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16037
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16037
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16038
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16038
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16039
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16039
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16040
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16040
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16041
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16041
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16042
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16042
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16043
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16043
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16044
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16044
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16045
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16045
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16046
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16046
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16047
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16047
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16048
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16048
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16049
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16049
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16050
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16050
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16051
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16051
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16052
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16052
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16053
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16053
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16054
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16054
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16055
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16055
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16056
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16056
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16057
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16057
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16058
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16058
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16059
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16059
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16060
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16060
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16061
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16061
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for write
opened for read
Wrote: a to pipe: 16062
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16062
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16063
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16063
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16064
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16064
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16065
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16065
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16066
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16066
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16067
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16067
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16068
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16068
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16069
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16069
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16070
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16070
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16071
Read: a from pipe: 16071
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16072
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16072
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16073
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16073
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16074
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16074
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16075
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16075
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16076
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16076
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16077
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16077
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16078
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16078
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16079
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16079
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16080
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16080
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16081
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16081
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16082
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16082
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16083
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16083
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16084
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16084
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16085
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16085
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16086
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16086
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16087
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16087
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16088
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16088
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16089
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16089
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16090
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16090
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16091
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16091
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16092
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16092
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16093
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16093
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16094
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16094
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16095
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16095
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16096
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16096
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16097
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16097
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16098
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16098
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16099
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16099
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16100
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16100
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16101
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16101
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16102
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16102
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16103
Read: a from pipe: 16103
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16104
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16104
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16105
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16105
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16106
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16106
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16107
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16107
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16108
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16108
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16109
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16109
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16110
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16110
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16111
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16111
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16112
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16112
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16113
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16113
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16114
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16114
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16115
Read: a from pipe: 16115
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16116
Read: a from pipe: 16116
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16117
Read: a from pipe: 16117
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16118
Read: a from pipe: 16118
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16119
Read: a from pipe: 16119
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16120
Read: a from pipe: 16120
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16121
Read: a from pipe: 16121
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16122
Read: a from pipe: 16122
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16123
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16123
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16124
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16124
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16125
Read: a from pipe: 16125
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16126
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16126
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16127
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16127
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16128
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16128
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16129
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16129
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16130
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16130
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16131
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16131
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16132
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16132
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16133
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16133
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16134
Read: a from pipe: 16134
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16135
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16135
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16136
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16136
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16137
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16137
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16138
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16138
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16139
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16139
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16140
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16140
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16141
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16141
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16142
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16142
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16143
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16143
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16144
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16144
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16145
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16145
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16146
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16146
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16147
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16147
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16148
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16148
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16149
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16149
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16150
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16150
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16151
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16151
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16152
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16152
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16153
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16153
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16154
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16154
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16155
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16155
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16156
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16156
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16157
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16157
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16158
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16158
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16159
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16159
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16160
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16160
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16161
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16161
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16162
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16162
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16163
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16163
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16164
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16164
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16165
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16165
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16166
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16166
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16167
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16167
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16168
Read: a from pipe: 16168
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16169
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16169
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16170
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16170
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16171
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16171
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16172
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16172
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16173
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16173
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16174
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16174
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16175
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16175
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16176
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16176
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16177
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16177
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16178
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16178
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16179
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16179
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16180
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16180
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16181
Read: a from pipe: 16181
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16182
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16182
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16183
Read: a from pipe: 16183
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16184
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16184
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16185
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16185
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16186
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16186
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16187
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16187
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16188
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16188
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16189
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16189
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16190
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16190
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16191
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16191
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16192
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16192
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16193
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16193
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16194
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16194
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16195
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16195
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16196
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16196
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16197
Read: a from pipe: 16197
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16198
Read: a from pipe: 16198
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16199
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16199
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16200
Read: a from pipe: 16200
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16201
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16201
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16202
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16202
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16203
Read: a from pipe: 16203
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16204
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16204
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16205
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16205
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16206
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16206
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16207
Read: a from pipe: 16207
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16208
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16208
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16209
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16209
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16210
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16210
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16211
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16211
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16212
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16212
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16213
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16213
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16214
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16214
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16215
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16215
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16216
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16216
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16217
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16217
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16218
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16218
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16219
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16219
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16220
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16220
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16221
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16221
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16222
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16222
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16223
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16223
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16224
Read: a from pipe: 16224
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16225
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16225
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16226
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16226
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16227
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16227
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16228
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16228
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16229
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16229
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16230
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16230
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16231
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16231
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16232
Read: a from pipe: 16232
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16233
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16233
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16234
Read: a from pipe: 16234
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16235
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16235
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16236
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16236
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16237
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16237
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16238
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16238
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16239
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16239
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16240
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16240
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16241
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16241
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16242
Read: a from pipe: 16242
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16243
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16243
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16244
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16244
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16245
Read: a from pipe: 16245
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16246
Read: a from pipe: 16246
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16247
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16247
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16248
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16248
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16249
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16249
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16250
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16250
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16251
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16251
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16252
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16252
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16253
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16253
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16254
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16254
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16255
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16255
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16256
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16256
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16257
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16257
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16258
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16258
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16259
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16259
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16260
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16260
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16261
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16261
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16262
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16262
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16263
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16263
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16264
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16264
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16265
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16265
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16266
Read: a from pipe: 16266
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16267
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16267
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16268
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16268
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16269
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16269
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16270
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16270
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16271
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16271
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16272
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16272
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16273
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16273
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16274
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16274
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16275
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16275
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16276
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16276
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16277
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16277
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16278
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16278
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16279
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16279
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16280
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16280
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16281
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16281
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16282
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16282
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16283
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16283
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16284
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16284
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16285
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16285
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16286
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16286
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16287
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16287
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16288
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16288
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16289
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16289
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16290
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16290
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16291
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16291
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16292
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16292
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16293
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16293
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16294
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16294
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16295
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16295
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16296
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16296
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16297
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16297
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16298
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16298
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16299
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16299
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16300
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16300
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16301
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16301
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16302
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16302
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16303
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16303
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16304
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16304
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16305
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16305
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16306
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16306
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16307
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16307
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16308
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16308
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16309
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16309
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16310
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16310
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16311
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16311
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16312
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16312
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16313
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16313
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16314
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16314
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16315
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16315
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16316
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16316
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16317
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16317
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16318
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16318
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16319
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16319
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16320
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16320
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16321
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16321
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16322
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16322
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16323
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16323
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16324
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16324
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16325
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16325
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16326
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16326
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16327
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16327
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16328
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16328
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16329
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16329
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16330
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16330
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16331
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16331
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16332
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16332
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16333
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16333
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16334
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16334
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16335
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16335
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16336
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16336
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16337
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16337
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16338
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16338
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16339
Read: a from pipe: 16339
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16340
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16340
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16341
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16341
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16342
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16342
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16343
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16343
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16344
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16344
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16345
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16345
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16346
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16346
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16347
Read: a from pipe: 16347
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16348
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16348
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16349
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16349
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16350
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16350
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16351
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16351
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16352
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16352
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16353
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16353
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16354
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16354
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16355
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16355
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16356
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16356
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16357
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16357
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16358
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16358
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16359
Read: a from pipe: 16359
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16360
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16360
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16361
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16361
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16362
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16362
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16363
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16363
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16364
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16364
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16365
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16365
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16366
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16366
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16367
Read: a from pipe: 16367
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16368
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16368
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16369
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16369
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16370
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16370
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16371
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16371
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16372
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16372
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16373
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16373
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16374
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16374
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16375
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16375
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16376
Read: a from pipe: 16376
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16377
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16377
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16378
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16378
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16379
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16379
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16380
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16380
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16381
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16381
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16382
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16382
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16383
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16383
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16384
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16384
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16385
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16385
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16386
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16386
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16387
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16387
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16388
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16388
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16389
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16389
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16390
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16390
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16391
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16391
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16392
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16392
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16393
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16393
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16394
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16394
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16395
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16395
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16396
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16396
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16397
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16397
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16398
Read: a from pipe: 16398
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16399
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16399
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16400
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16400
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16401
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16401
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16402
Read: a from pipe: 16402
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16403
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16403
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16404
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16404
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16405
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16405
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16406
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16406
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16407
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16407
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16408
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16408
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16409
Read: a from pipe: 16409
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16410
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16410
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16411
Read: a from pipe: 16411
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16412
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16412
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16413
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16413
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16414
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16414
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16415
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16415
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16416
Read: a from pipe: 16416
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16417
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16417
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16418
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16418
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16419
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16419
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16420
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16420
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16421
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16421
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16422
Read: a from pipe: 16422
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16423
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16423
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16424
Read: a from pipe: 16424
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16425
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16425
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16426
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16426
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16427
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16427
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16428
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16428
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16429
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16429
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16430
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16430
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16431
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16431
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16432
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16432
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16433
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16433
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16434
Read: a from pipe: 16434
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16435
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16435
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16436
Read: a from pipe: 16436
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16437
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16437
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16438
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16438
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16439
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16439
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16440
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16440
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16441
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16441
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16442
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16442
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16443
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16443
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16444
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16444
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16445
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16445
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16446
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16446
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16447
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16447
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16448
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16448
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16449
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16449
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16450
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16450
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16451
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16451
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16452
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16452
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16453
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16453
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16454
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16454
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16455
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16455
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16456
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16456
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16457
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16457
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16458
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16458
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16459
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16459
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16460
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16460
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16461
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16461
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16462
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16462
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16463
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16463
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16464
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16464
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16465
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16465
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16466
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16466
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16467
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16467
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16468
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16468
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16469
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16469
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16470
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16470
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16471
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16471
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16472
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16472
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16473
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16473
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16474
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16474
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16475
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16475
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16476
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16476
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16477
completed write
i=2
Read: a from pipe: 16477
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16478
Read: a from pipe: 16478
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16479
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16479
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16480
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16480
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16481
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16481
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16482
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16482
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16483
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16483
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16484
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16484
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16485
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16485
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16486
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16486
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16487
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16487
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16488
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16488
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16489
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16489
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16490
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16490
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16491
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16491
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16492
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16492
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16493
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16493
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16494
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16494
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16495
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16495
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16496
Read: a from pipe: 16496
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16497
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16497
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16498
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16498
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16499
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16499
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16500
Read: a from pipe: 16500
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16501
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16501
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16502
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16502
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16503
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16503
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16504
Read: a from pipe: 16504
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16505
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16505
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16506
Read: a from pipe: 16506
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16507
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16507
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16508
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16508
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16509
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16509
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16510
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16510
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16511
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16511
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16512
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16512
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16513
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16513
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16514
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16514
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16515
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16515
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16516
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16516
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16517
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16517
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16518
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16518
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16519
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16519
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16520
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16520
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16521
Read: a from pipe: 16521
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16522
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16522
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16523
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16523
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16524
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16524
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16525
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16525
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16526
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16526
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16527
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16527
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16528
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16528
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16529
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16529
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16530
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16530
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16531
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16531
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16532
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16532
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16533
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16533
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16534
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16534
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16535
Read: a from pipe: 16535
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16536
Read: a from pipe: 16536
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16537
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16537
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16538
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16538
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16539
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16539
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16540
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16540
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16541
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16541
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16542
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16542
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16543
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16543
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16544
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16544
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16545
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16545
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16546
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16546
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16547
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16547
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16548
Read: a from pipe: 16548
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16549
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16549
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16550
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16550
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16551
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16551
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16552
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16552
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16553
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16553
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16554
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16554
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16555
Read: a from pipe: 16555
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16556
Read: a from pipe: 16556
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16557
Read: a from pipe: 16557
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16558
Read: a from pipe: 16558
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16559
Read: a from pipe: 16559
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16560
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16560
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16561
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16561
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16562
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16562
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16563
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16563
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16564
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16564
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16565
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16565
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16566
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16566
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16567
Read: a from pipe: 16567
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16568
Read: a from pipe: 16568
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16569
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16569
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16570
Read: a from pipe: 16570
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16571
Read: a from pipe: 16571
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16572
Read: a from pipe: 16572
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16573
Read: a from pipe: 16573
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16574
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16574
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16575
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16575
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16576
Read: a from pipe: 16576
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16577
Read: a from pipe: 16577
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16578
Read: a from pipe: 16578
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16579
Read: a from pipe: 16579
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16580
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16580
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16581
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16581
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16582
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16582
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16583
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16583
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16584
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16584
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16585
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16585
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16586
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16586
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16587
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16587
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16588
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16588
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16589
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16589
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16590
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16590
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16591
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16591
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16592
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16592
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16593
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16593
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16594
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16594
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16595
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16595
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16596
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16596
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16597
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16597
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16598
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16598
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16599
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16599
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16600
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16600
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16601
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16601
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16602
Read: a from pipe: 16602
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16603
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16603
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16604
Read: a from pipe: 16604
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16605
Read: a from pipe: 16605
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16606
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16606
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16607
Read: a from pipe: 16607
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16608
Read: a from pipe: 16608
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16609
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16609
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16610
Read: a from pipe: 16610
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16611
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16611
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16612
Read: a from pipe: 16612
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16613
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16613
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16614
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16614
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16615
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16615
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16616
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16616
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16617
Read: a from pipe: 16617
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16618
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16618
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16619
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16619
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16620
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16620
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16621
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16621
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16622
Read: a from pipe: 16622
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16623
Read: a from pipe: 16623
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16624
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16624
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16625
Read: a from pipe: 16625
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16626
Read: a from pipe: 16626
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16627
Read: a from pipe: 16627
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16628
Read: a from pipe: 16628
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16629
Read: a from pipe: 16629
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16630
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16630
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16631
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16631
completed read
in cleanup overhead
in initialise_overhead
in benchmark overhead
iterations 1128
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16632
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16632
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16633
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16633
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16634
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16634
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16635
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16635
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16636
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16636
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16637
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16637
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16638
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16638
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16639
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16639
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16640
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16640
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16641
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16641
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16642
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16642
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16643
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16643
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16644
Read: a from pipe: 16644
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16645
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16645
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16646
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16646
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16647
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16647
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16648
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16648
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16649
Read: a from pipe: 16649
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16650
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16650
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16651
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16651
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16652
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16652
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16653
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16653
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16654
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16654
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16655
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16655
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16656
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16656
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16657
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16657
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16658
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16658
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16659
Read: a from pipe: 16659
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16660
Read: a from pipe: 16660
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16661
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16661
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16662
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16662
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16663
Read: a from pipe: 16663
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16664
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16664
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16665
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16665
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16666
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16666
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16667
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16667
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16668
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16668
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16669
Read: a from pipe: 16669
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16670
Read: a from pipe: 16670
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16671
Read: a from pipe: 16671
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16672
Read: a from pipe: 16672
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16673
Read: a from pipe: 16673
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16674
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16674
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16675
Read: a from pipe: 16675
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16676
Read: a from pipe: 16676
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16677
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16677
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16678
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16678
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16679
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16679
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16680
Read: a from pipe: 16680
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16681
Read: a from pipe: 16681
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16682
Read: a from pipe: 16682
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16683
Read: a from pipe: 16683
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16684
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16684
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16685
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16685
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16686
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16686
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16687
Read: a from pipe: 16687
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16688
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16688
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16689
Read: a from pipe: 16689
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16690
Read: a from pipe: 16690
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16691
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16691
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16692
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16692
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16693
Read: a from pipe: 16693
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16694
Read: a from pipe: 16694
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16695
Read: a from pipe: 16695
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16696
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16696
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16697
Read: a from pipe: 16697
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16698
Read: a from pipe: 16698
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16699
Read: a from pipe: 16699
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16700
Read: a from pipe: 16700
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16701
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16701
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16702
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16702
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16703
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16703
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16704
Read: a from pipe: 16704
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16705
Read: a from pipe: 16705
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16706
Read: a from pipe: 16706
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16707
Read: a from pipe: 16707
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16708
Read: a from pipe: 16708
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16709
Read: a from pipe: 16709
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16710
Read: a from pipe: 16710
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16711
Read: a from pipe: 16711
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16712
Read: a from pipe: 16712
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16713
Read: a from pipe: 16713
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16714
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16714
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16715
Read: a from pipe: 16715
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16716
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16716
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16717
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16717
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16718
Read: a from pipe: 16718
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16719
Read: a from pipe: 16719
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16720
Read: a from pipe: 16720
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16721
Read: a from pipe: 16721
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16722
Read: a from pipe: 16722
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16723
Read: a from pipe: 16723
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16724
Read: a from pipe: 16724
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16725
Read: a from pipe: 16725
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16726
Read: a from pipe: 16726
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16727
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16727
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16728
Read: a from pipe: 16728
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16729
Read: a from pipe: 16729
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16730
Read: a from pipe: 16730
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16731
Read: a from pipe: 16731
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16732
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16732
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16733
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16733
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16734
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16734
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16735
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16735
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16736
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16736
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16737
Read: a from pipe: 16737
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16738
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16738
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16739
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16739
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16740
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16740
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16741
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16741
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16742
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16742
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16743
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16743
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16744
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16744
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16745
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16745
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16746
Read: a from pipe: 16746
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16747
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16747
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16748
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16748
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16749
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16749
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16750
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16750
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16751
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16751
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16752
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16752
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16753
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16753
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16754
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16754
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16755
Read: a from pipe: 16755
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16756
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16756
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16757
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16757
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16758
Read: a from pipe: 16758
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16759
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16759
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16760
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16760
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16761
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16761
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16762
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16762
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16763
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16763
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16764
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16764
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16765
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16765
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16766
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16766
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16767
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16767
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16768
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16768
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16769
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16769
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16770
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16770
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16771
Read: a from pipe: 16771
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16772
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16772
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16773
Read: a from pipe: 16773
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16774
Read: a from pipe: 16774
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16775
Read: a from pipe: 16775
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16776
Read: a from pipe: 16776
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16777
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16777
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16778
Read: a from pipe: 16778
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16779
Read: a from pipe: 16779
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16780
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16780
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16781
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16781
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16782
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16782
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16783
Read: a from pipe: 16783
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16784
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16784
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16785
Read: a from pipe: 16785
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16786
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16786
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16787
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16787
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16788
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16788
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16789
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16789
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16790
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16790
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16791
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16791
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16792
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16792
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16793
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16793
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16794
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16794
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16795
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16795
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16796
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16796
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16797
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16797
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16798
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16798
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16799
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16799
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16800
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16800
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16801
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16801
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16802
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16802
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16803
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16803
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16804
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16804
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16805
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16805
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16806
Read: a from pipe: 16806
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16807
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16807
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16808
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16808
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16809
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16809
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16810
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16810
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16811
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16811
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16812
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16812
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16813
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16813
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16814
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16814
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16815
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16815
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16816
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16816
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16817
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16817
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16818
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16818
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16819
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16819
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16820
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16820
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16821
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16821
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16822
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16822
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16823
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16823
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16824
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16824
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16825
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16825
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16826
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16826
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16827
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16827
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16828
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16828
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16829
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16829
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16830
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16830
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16831
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16831
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16832
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16832
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16833
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16833
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16834
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16834
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16835
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16835
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16836
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16836
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16837
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16837
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16838
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16838
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16839
Read: a from pipe: 16839
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16840
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16840
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16841
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16841
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16842
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16842
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16843
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16843
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16844
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16844
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16845
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16845
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16846
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16846
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16847
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16847
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16848
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16848
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16849
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16849
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16850
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16850
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16851
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16851
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16852
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16852
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16853
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16853
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16854
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16854
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16855
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16855
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Read: a from pipe: 16856
completed read
Wrote: a to pipe: 16856
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16857
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16857
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16858
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16858
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16859
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16859
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16860
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16860
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16861
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16861
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16862
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16862
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16863
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16863
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16864
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16864
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16865
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16865
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16866
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16866
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16867
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16867
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16868
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16868
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16869
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16869
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16870
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16870
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16871
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16871
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16872
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16872
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16873
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16873
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16874
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16874
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16875
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16875
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16876
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16876
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16877
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16877
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16878
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16878
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16879
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16879
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16880
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16880
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16881
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16881
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16882
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16882
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16883
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16883
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16884
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16884
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Read: a from pipe: 16885
completed read
Wrote: a to pipe: 16885
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16886
Read: a from pipe: 16886
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16887
Read: a from pipe: 16887
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16888
Read: a from pipe: 16888
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16889
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16889
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16890
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16890
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16891
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16891
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16892
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16892
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16893
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16893
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16894
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16894
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16895
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16895
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16896
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16896
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16897
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16897
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16898
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16898
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16899
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16899
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16900
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16900
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16901
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16901
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16902
Read: a from pipe: 16902
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16903
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16903
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16904
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16904
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16905
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16905
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16906
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16906
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16907
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16907
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16908
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16908
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16909
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16909
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16910
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16910
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16911
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16911
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16912
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16912
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16913
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16913
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16914
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16914
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16915
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16915
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16916
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16916
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16917
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16917
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16918
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16918
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16919
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16919
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16920
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16920
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16921
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16921
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16922
Read: a from pipe: 16922
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16923
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16923
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16924
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16924
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16925
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16925
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16926
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16926
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16927
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16927
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16928
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16928
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16929
Read: a from pipe: 16929
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16930
Read: a from pipe: 16930
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16931
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16931
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16932
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16932
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16933
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16933
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16934
Read: a from pipe: 16934
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16935
Read: a from pipe: 16935
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16936
Read: a from pipe: 16936
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16937
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16937
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16938
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16938
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16939
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16939
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16940
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16940
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16941
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16941
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16942
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16942
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16943
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16943
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16944
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16944
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16945
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16945
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16946
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16946
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16947
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16947
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16948
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16948
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16949
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16949
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16950
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16950
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16951
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16951
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16952
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16952
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16953
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16953
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16954
Read: a from pipe: 16954
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16955
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16955
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16956
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16956
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16957
Read: a from pipe: 16957
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16958
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16958
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16959
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16959
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16960
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16960
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16961
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16961
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16962
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16962
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16963
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16963
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16964
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16964
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16965
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16965
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16966
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16966
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16967
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16967
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16968
Read: a from pipe: 16968
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16969
Read: a from pipe: 16969
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16970
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16970
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16971
Read: a from pipe: 16971
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16972
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16972
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16973
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16973
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16974
Read: a from pipe: 16974
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16975
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16975
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16976
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16976
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16977
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16977
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16978
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16978
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16979
Read: a from pipe: 16979
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16980
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16980
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16981
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16981
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16982
Read: a from pipe: 16982
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16983
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16983
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16984
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16984
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16985
Read: a from pipe: 16985
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16986
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16986
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16987
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16987
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16988
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16988
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16989
Read: a from pipe: 16989
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16990
Read: a from pipe: 16990
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16991
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16991
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16992
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16992
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16993
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16993
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16994
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16994
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16995
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16995
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16996
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16996
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16997
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16997
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16998
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16998
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 16999
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 16999
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17000
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17000
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17001
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17001
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17002
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17002
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17003
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17003
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17004
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17004
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17005
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17005
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17006
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17006
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17007
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17007
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17008
Read: a from pipe: 17008
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17009
Read: a from pipe: 17009
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17010
Read: a from pipe: 17010
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17011
Read: a from pipe: 17011
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17012
Read: a from pipe: 17012
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17013
Read: a from pipe: 17013
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17014
Read: a from pipe: 17014
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17015
Read: a from pipe: 17015
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17016
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17016
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17017
Read: a from pipe: 17017
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17018
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17018
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17019
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17019
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17020
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17020
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17021
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17021
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17022
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17022
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17023
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17023
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17024
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17024
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17025
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17025
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17026
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17026
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17027
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17027
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17028
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17028
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17029
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17029
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17030
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17030
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17031
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17031
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17032
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17032
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17033
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17033
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17034
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17034
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17035
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17035
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17036
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17036
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17037
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17037
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17038
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17038
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17039
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17039
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17040
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17040
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17041
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17041
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17042
Read: a from pipe: 17042
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17043
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17043
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17044
Read: a from pipe: 17044
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17045
Read: a from pipe: 17045
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17046
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17046
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17047
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17047
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17048
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17048
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17049
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17049
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17050
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17050
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17051
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17051
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17052
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17052
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17053
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17053
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17054
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17054
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17055
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17055
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17056
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17056
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17057
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17057
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17058
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17058
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17059
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17059
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17060
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17060
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17061
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17061
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17062
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17062
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17063
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17063
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17064
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17064
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17065
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17065
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17066
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17066
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17067
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17067
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17068
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17068
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17069
Read: a from pipe: 17069
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17070
Read: a from pipe: 17070
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17071
Read: a from pipe: 17071
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17072
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17072
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17073
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17073
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17074
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17074
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17075
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17075
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17076
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17076
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17077
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17077
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17078
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17078
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17079
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17079
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17080
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17080
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17081
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17081
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17082
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17082
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17083
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17083
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17084
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17084
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17085
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17085
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17086
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17086
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17087
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17087
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17088
Read: a from pipe: 17088
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17089
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17089
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17090
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17090
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17091
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17091
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17092
Read: a from pipe: 17092
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17093
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17093
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17094
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17094
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17095
Read: a from pipe: 17095
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17096
Read: a from pipe: 17096
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17097
Read: a from pipe: 17097
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17098
Read: a from pipe: 17098
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17099
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17099
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17100
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17100
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17101
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17101
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17102
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17102
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17103
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17103
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17104
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17104
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17105
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17105
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17106
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17106
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17107
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17107
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17108
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17108
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17109
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17109
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17110
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17110
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17111
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17111
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17112
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17112
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17113
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17113
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17114
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17114
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17115
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17115
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17116
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17116
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17117
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17117
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17118
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17118
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17119
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17119
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17120
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17120
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17121
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17121
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17122
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17122
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17123
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17123
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17124
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17124
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17125
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17125
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17126
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17126
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17127
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17127
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17128
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17128
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17129
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17129
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17130
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17130
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17131
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17131
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17132
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17132
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17133
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17133
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17134
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17134
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17135
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17135
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17136
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17136
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17137
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17137
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17138
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17138
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17139
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17139
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17140
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17140
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17141
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17141
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17142
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17142
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17143
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17143
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17144
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17144
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17145
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17145
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17146
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17146
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17147
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17147
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17148
Read: a from pipe: 17148
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17149
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17149
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17150
Read: a from pipe: 17150
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17151
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17151
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17152
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17152
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17153
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17153
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17154
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17154
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17155
Read: a from pipe: 17155
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17156
Read: a from pipe: 17156
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17157
Read: a from pipe: 17157
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17158
Read: a from pipe: 17158
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17159
Read: a from pipe: 17159
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17160
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17160
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17161
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17161
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17162
Read: a from pipe: 17162
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17163
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17163
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17164
Read: a from pipe: 17164
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17165
Read: a from pipe: 17165
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17166
Read: a from pipe: 17166
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17167
Read: a from pipe: 17167
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17168
Read: a from pipe: 17168
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17169
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17169
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17170
Read: a from pipe: 17170
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17171
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17171
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17172
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17172
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17173
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17173
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17174
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17174
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17175
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17175
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17176
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17176
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17177
Read: a from pipe: 17177
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17178
Read: a from pipe: 17178
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17179
Read: a from pipe: 17179
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17180
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17180
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17181
Read: a from pipe: 17181
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17182
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17182
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17183
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17183
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17184
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17184
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17185
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17185
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17186
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17186
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17187
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17187
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17188
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17188
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17189
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17189
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17190
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17190
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17191
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17191
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17192
Read: a from pipe: 17192
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17193
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17193
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17194
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17194
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17195
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17195
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17196
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17196
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17197
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17197
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17198
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17198
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17199
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17199
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17200
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17200
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17201
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17201
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17202
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17202
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17203
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17203
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17204
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17204
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17205
Read: a from pipe: 17205
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17206
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17206
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17207
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17207
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17208
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17208
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17209
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17209
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17210
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17210
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17211
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17211
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17212
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17212
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17213
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17213
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17214
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17214
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17215
Read: a from pipe: 17215
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17216
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17216
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17217
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17217
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17218
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17218
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17219
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17219
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17220
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17220
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17221
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17221
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17222
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17222
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17223
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17223
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17224
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17224
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17225
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17225
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17226
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17226
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17227
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17227
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17228
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17228
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17229
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17229
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17230
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17230
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17231
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17231
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17232
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17232
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17233
Read: a from pipe: 17233
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17234
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17234
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17235
Read: a from pipe: 17235
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17236
Read: a from pipe: 17236
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17237
Read: a from pipe: 17237
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17238
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17238
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17239
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17239
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17240
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17240
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17241
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17241
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17242
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17242
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17243
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17243
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17244
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17244
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17245
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17245
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17246
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17246
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17247
Read: a from pipe: 17247
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17248
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17248
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17249
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17249
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17250
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17250
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17251
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17251
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17252
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17252
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17253
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17253
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17254
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17254
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17255
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17255
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17256
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17256
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17257
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17257
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17258
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17258
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17259
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17259
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17260
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17260
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17261
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17261
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17262
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17262
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17263
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17263
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17264
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17264
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17265
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17265
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17266
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17266
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17267
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17267
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17268
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17268
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17269
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17269
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17270
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17270
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17271
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17271
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17272
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17272
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17273
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17273
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17274
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17274
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17275
Read: a from pipe: 17275
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17276
Read: a from pipe: 17276
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17277
Read: a from pipe: 17277
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17278
Read: a from pipe: 17278
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17279
Read: a from pipe: 17279
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17280
Read: a from pipe: 17280
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17281
Read: a from pipe: 17281
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17282
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17282
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17283
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17283
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17284
Read: a from pipe: 17284
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17285
Read: a from pipe: 17285
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17286
Read: a from pipe: 17286
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17287
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17287
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17288
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17288
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17289
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17289
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17290
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17290
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17291
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17291
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17292
Read: a from pipe: 17292
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17293
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17293
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17294
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17294
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17295
Read: a from pipe: 17295
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17296
Read: a from pipe: 17296
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17297
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17297
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17298
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17298
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17299
Read: a from pipe: 17299
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17300
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17300
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17301
Read: a from pipe: 17301
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17302
Read: a from pipe: 17302
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17303
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17303
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17304
Read: a from pipe: 17304
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17305
Read: a from pipe: 17305
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17306
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17306
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17307
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17307
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17308
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17308
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17309
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17309
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17310
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17310
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17311
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17311
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17312
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17312
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17313
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17313
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17314
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17314
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17315
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17315
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17316
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17316
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17317
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17317
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17318
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17318
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17319
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17319
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17320
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17320
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17321
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17321
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17322
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17322
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17323
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17323
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17324
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17324
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17325
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17325
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17326
Read: a from pipe: 17326
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17327
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17327
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17328
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17328
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17329
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17329
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17330
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17330
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17331
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17331
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17332
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17332
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17333
Read: a from pipe: 17333
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17334
Read: a from pipe: 17334
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17335
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17335
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17336
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17336
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17337
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17337
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17338
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17338
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17339
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17339
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17340
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17340
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17341
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17341
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17342
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17342
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17343
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17343
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17344
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17344
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17345
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17345
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17346
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17346
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17347
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17347
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17348
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17348
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17349
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17349
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17350
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17350
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17351
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17351
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17352
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17352
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17353
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17353
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17354
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17354
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17355
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17355
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17356
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17356
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17357
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17357
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17358
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17358
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17359
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17359
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17360
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17360
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17361
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17361
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17362
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17362
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17363
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17363
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17364
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17364
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17365
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17365
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17366
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17366
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17367
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17367
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17368
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17368
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17369
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17369
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17370
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17370
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17371
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17371
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17372
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17372
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17373
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17373
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17374
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17374
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17375
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17375
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17376
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17376
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17377
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17377
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17378
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17378
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17379
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17379
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17380
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17380
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17381
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17381
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17382
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17382
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17383
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17383
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17384
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17384
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17385
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17385
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17386
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17386
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17387
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17387
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17388
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17388
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17389
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17389
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17390
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17390
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17391
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17391
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17392
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17392
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17393
Read: a from pipe: 17393
completed write
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17394
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17394
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17395
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17395
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17396
Read: a from pipe: 17396
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17397
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17397
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17398
Read: a from pipe: 17398
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17399
Read: a from pipe: 17399
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17400
Read: a from pipe: 17400
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17401
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17401
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17402
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17402
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17403
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17403
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17404
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17404
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17405
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17405
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17406
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17406
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17407
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17407
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17408
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17408
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17409
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17409
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17410
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17410
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17411
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17411
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17412
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17412
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17413
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17413
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17414
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17414
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17415
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17415
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17416
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17416
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17417
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17417
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17418
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17418
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17419
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17419
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17420
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17420
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17421
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17421
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17422
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17422
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17423
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17423
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17424
Read: a from pipe: 17424
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17425
Read: a from pipe: 17425
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17426
Read: a from pipe: 17426
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17427
Read: a from pipe: 17427
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17428
Read: a from pipe: 17428
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17429
Read: a from pipe: 17429
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17430
Read: a from pipe: 17430
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17431
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17431
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17432
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17432
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17433
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17433
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17434
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17434
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17435
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17435
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17436
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17436
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17437
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17437
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17438
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17438
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17439
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17439
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17440
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17440
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17441
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17441
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17442
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17442
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17443
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17443
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17444
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17444
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17445
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17445
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17446
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17446
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17447
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17447
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17448
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17448
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17449
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17449
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17450
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17450
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17451
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17451
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17452
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17452
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17453
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17453
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17454
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17454
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17455
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17455
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17456
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17456
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17457
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17457
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17458
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17458
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17459
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17459
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17460
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17460
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17461
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17461
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17462
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17462
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17463
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17463
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17464
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17464
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17465
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17465
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17466
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17466
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17467
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17467
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17468
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17468
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17469
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17469
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17470
Read: a from pipe: 17470
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17471
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17471
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17472
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17472
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17473
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17473
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17474
Read: a from pipe: 17474
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17475
Read: a from pipe: 17475
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17476
Read: a from pipe: 17476
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17477
Read: a from pipe: 17477
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17478
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17478
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17479
Read: a from pipe: 17479
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17480
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17480
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17481
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17481
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17482
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17482
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17483
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17483
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17484
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17484
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17485
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17485
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17486
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17486
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17487
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17487
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17488
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17488
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17489
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17489
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17490
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17490
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17491
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17491
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17492
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17492
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17493
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17493
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17494
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17494
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17495
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17495
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17496
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17496
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17497
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17497
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17498
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17498
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17499
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17499
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17500
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17500
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17501
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17501
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17502
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17502
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17503
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17503
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17504
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17504
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17505
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17505
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17506
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17506
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17507
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17507
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17508
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17508
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17509
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17509
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17510
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17510
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17511
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17511
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17512
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17512
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17513
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17513
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17514
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17514
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17515
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17515
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17516
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17516
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17517
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17517
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17518
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17518
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17519
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17519
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17520
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17520
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17521
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17521
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17522
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17522
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17523
Read: a from pipe: 17523
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17524
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17524
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17525
completed write
i=0
Read: a from pipe: 17525
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17526
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17526
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17527
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17527
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17528
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17528
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17529
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17529
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17530
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17530
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17531
Read: a from pipe: 17531
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17532
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17532
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17533
Read: a from pipe: 17533
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17534
Read: a from pipe: 17534
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17535
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17535
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17536
Read: a from pipe: 17536
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17537
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17537
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17538
Read: a from pipe: 17538
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17539
Read: a from pipe: 17539
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17540
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17540
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17541
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17541
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17542
Read: a from pipe: 17542
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17543
Read: a from pipe: 17543
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17544
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17544
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17545
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17545
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17546
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17546
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17547
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17547
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17548
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17548
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17549
Read: a from pipe: 17549
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17550
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17550
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17551
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17551
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17552
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17552
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17553
Read: a from pipe: 17553
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17554
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17554
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17555
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17555
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17556
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17556
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17557
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17557
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17558
Read: a from pipe: 17558
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17559
Read: a from pipe: 17559
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17560
Read: a from pipe: 17560
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17561
Read: a from pipe: 17561
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17562
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17562
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17563
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17563
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17564
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17564
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17565
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17565
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17566
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17566
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17567
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17567
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17568
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17568
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17569
Read: a from pipe: 17569
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17570
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17570
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17571
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17571
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17572
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17572
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17573
Read: a from pipe: 17573
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17574
Read: a from pipe: 17574
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17575
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17575
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17576
Read: a from pipe: 17576
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17577
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17577
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17578
Read: a from pipe: 17578
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17579
Read: a from pipe: 17579
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17580
Read: a from pipe: 17580
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17581
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17581
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17582
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17582
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17583
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17583
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17584
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17584
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17585
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17585
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17586
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17586
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17587
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17587
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17588
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17588
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17589
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17589
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17590
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17590
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17591
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17591
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17592
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17592
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17593
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17593
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17594
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17594
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17595
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17595
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17596
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17596
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17597
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17597
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17598
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17598
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17599
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17599
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17600
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17600
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17601
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17601
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17602
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17602
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17603
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17603
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17604
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17604
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17605
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17605
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17606
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17606
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17607
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17607
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17608
Read: a from pipe: 17608
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17609
Read: a from pipe: 17609
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17610
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17610
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17611
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17611
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17612
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17612
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17613
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17613
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17614
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17614
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17615
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17615
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17616
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17616
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17617
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17617
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17618
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17618
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17619
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17619
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17620
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17620
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17621
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17621
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17622
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17622
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17623
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17623
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17624
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17624
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17625
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17625
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17626
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17626
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17627
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17627
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17628
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17628
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17629
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17629
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17630
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17630
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17631
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17631
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17632
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17632
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17633
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17633
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17634
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17634
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17635
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17635
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17636
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17636
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17637
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17637
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17638
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17638
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17639
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17639
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17640
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17640
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17641
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17641
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17642
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17642
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17643
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17643
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17644
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17644
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17645
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17645
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17646
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17646
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17647
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17647
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17648
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17648
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17649
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17649
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17650
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17650
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17651
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17651
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17652
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17652
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17653
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17653
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17654
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17654
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17655
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17655
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17656
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17656
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17657
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17657
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17658
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17658
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17659
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17659
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17660
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17660
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17661
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17661
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17662
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17662
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17663
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17663
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17664
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17664
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17665
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17665
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17666
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17666
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17667
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17667
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17668
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17668
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17669
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17669
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17670
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17670
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17671
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17671
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17672
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17672
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17673
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17673
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17674
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17674
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17675
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17675
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17676
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17676
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17677
Read: a from pipe: 17677
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17678
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17678
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17679
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17679
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17680
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17680
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17681
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17681
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17682
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17682
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17683
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17683
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17684
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17684
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17685
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17685
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17686
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17686
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17687
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17687
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17688
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17688
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17689
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17689
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17690
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17690
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17691
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17691
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17692
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17692
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17693
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17693
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17694
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17694
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17695
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17695
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17696
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17696
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17697
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17697
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17698
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17698
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17699
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17699
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17700
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17700
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17701
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17701
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17702
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17702
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17703
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17703
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17704
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17704
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17705
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17705
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17706
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17706
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17707
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17707
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17708
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17708
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17709
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17709
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17710
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17710
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17711
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17711
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17712
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17712
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17713
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17713
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17714
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17714
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17715
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17715
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17716
Read: a from pipe: 17716
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17717
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17717
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17718
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17718
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17719
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17719
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17720
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17720
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17721
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17721
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17722
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17722
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17723
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17723
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17724
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17724
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17725
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17725
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17726
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17726
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17727
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17727
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17728
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17728
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17729
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17729
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17730
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17730
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17731
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17731
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17732
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17732
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17733
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17733
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17734
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17734
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17735
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17735
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17736
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17736
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17737
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17737
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17738
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17738
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17739
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17739
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17740
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17740
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17741
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17741
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17742
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17742
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17743
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17743
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17744
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17744
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17745
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17745
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17746
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17746
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17747
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17747
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17748
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17748
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17749
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17749
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17750
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17750
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17751
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17751
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17752
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17752
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17753
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17753
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17754
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17754
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17755
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17755
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17756
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17756
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17757
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17757
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17758
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17758
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17759
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17759
completed read
in cleanup overhead
in initialise_overhead
in benchmark overhead
iterations 966
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17760
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17760
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17761
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17761
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17762
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17762
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17763
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17763
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17764
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17764
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17765
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17765
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17766
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17766
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17767
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17767
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17768
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17768
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17769
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17769
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17770
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17770
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17771
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17771
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17772
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17772
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17773
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17773
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17774
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17774
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17775
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17775
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17776
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17776
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17777
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17777
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17778
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17778
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17779
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17779
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17780
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17780
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17781
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17781
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17782
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17782
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17783
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17783
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17784
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17784
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17785
Read: a from pipe: 17785
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17786
Read: a from pipe: 17786
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17787
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17787
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17788
Read: a from pipe: 17788
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17789
Read: a from pipe: 17789
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17790
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17790
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17791
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17791
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17792
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17792
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17793
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17793
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17794
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17794
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17795
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17795
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17796
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17796
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17797
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17797
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17798
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17798
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17799
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17799
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17800
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17800
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17801
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17801
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17802
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17802
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17803
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17803
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17804
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17804
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17805
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17805
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17806
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17806
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17807
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17807
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17808
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17808
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17809
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17809
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17810
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17810
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17811
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17811
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17812
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17812
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17813
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17813
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17814
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17814
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17815
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17815
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17816
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17816
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17817
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17817
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17818
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17818
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17819
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17819
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17820
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17820
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17821
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17821
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17822
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17822
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17823
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17823
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17824
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17824
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17825
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17825
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17826
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17826
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17827
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17827
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17828
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17828
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17829
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17829
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17830
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17830
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17831
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17831
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17832
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17832
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17833
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17833
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17834
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17834
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17835
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17835
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17836
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17836
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17837
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17837
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17838
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17838
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17839
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17839
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17840
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17840
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17841
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17841
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17842
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17842
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17843
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17843
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17844
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17844
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17845
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17845
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17846
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17846
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17847
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17847
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17848
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17848
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17849
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17849
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17850
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17850
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17851
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17851
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17852
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17852
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17853
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17853
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17854
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17854
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17855
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17855
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17856
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17856
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17857
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17857
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17858
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17858
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17859
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17859
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17860
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17860
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17861
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17861
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17862
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17862
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17863
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17863
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17864
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17864
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17865
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17865
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17866
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17866
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17867
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17867
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17868
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17868
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17869
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17869
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17870
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17870
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17871
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17871
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17872
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17872
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17873
Read: a from pipe: 17873
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17874
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17874
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17875
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17875
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17876
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17876
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17877
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17877
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17878
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17878
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17879
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17879
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17880
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17880
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17881
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17881
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17882
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17882
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17883
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17883
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17884
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17884
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17885
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17885
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17886
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17886
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17887
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17887
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17888
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17888
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17889
Read: a from pipe: 17889
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17890
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17890
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17891
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17891
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17892
Read: a from pipe: 17892
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17893
Read: a from pipe: 17893
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17894
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17894
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17895
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17895
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17896
Read: a from pipe: 17896
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17897
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17897
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17898
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17898
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17899
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17899
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17900
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17900
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17901
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17901
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17902
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17902
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17903
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17903
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17904
Read: a from pipe: 17904
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17905
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17905
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17906
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17906
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17907
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17907
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17908
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17908
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17909
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17909
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17910
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17910
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17911
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17911
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17912
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17912
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17913
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17913
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17914
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17914
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17915
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17915
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17916
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17916
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17917
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17917
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17918
Read: a from pipe: 17918
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17919
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17919
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17920
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17920
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17921
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17921
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17922
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17922
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17923
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17923
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17924
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17924
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17925
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17925
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17926
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17926
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17927
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17927
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17928
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17928
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17929
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17929
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17930
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17930
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17931
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17931
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17932
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17932
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17933
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17933
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17934
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17934
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17935
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17935
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17936
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17936
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17937
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17937
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17938
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17938
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17939
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17939
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17940
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17940
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17941
Read: a from pipe: 17941
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17942
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17942
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17943
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17943
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17944
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17944
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17945
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17945
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17946
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17946
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17947
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17947
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17948
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17948
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17949
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17949
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17950
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17950
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17951
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17951
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17952
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17952
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17953
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17953
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17954
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17954
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17955
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17955
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17956
Read: a from pipe: 17956
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17957
Read: a from pipe: 17957
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17958
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17958
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17959
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17959
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17960
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17960
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17961
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17961
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17962
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17962
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17963
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17963
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17964
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17964
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17965
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17965
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17966
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17966
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17967
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17967
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17968
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17968
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17969
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17969
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17970
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17970
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17971
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17971
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17972
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17972
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17973
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17973
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17974
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17974
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17975
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17975
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17976
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17976
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17977
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17977
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17978
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17978
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17979
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17979
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17980
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17980
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17981
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17981
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17982
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17982
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17983
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17983
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17984
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17984
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17985
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17985
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17986
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17986
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17987
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17987
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17988
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17988
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17989
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17989
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17990
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17990
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17991
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17991
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17992
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17992
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17993
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17993
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17994
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17994
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17995
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17995
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17996
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17996
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17997
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17997
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17998
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17998
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 17999
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 17999
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18000
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18000
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18001
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18001
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18002
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18002
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18003
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18003
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18004
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18004
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18005
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18005
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18006
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18006
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18007
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18007
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18008
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18008
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18009
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18009
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18010
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18010
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18011
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18011
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18012
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18012
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18013
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18013
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18014
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18014
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18015
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18015
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18016
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18016
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18017
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18017
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18018
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18018
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18019
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18019
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18020
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18020
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18021
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18021
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18022
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18022
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18023
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18023
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18024
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18024
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18025
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18025
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18026
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18026
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18027
Read: a from pipe: 18027
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18028
Read: a from pipe: 18028
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18029
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18029
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18030
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18030
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18031
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18031
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18032
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18032
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18033
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18033
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18034
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18034
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18035
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18035
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18036
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18036
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18037
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18037
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18038
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18038
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18039
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18039
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18040
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18040
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18041
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18041
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18042
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18042
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18043
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18043
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18044
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18044
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18045
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18045
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18046
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18046
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18047
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18047
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18048
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18048
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18049
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18049
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18050
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18050
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18051
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18051
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18052
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18052
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18053
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18053
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18054
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18054
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18055
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18055
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18056
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18056
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18057
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18057
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18058
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18058
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18059
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18059
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18060
Read: a from pipe: 18060
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18061
Read: a from pipe: 18061
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18062
Read: a from pipe: 18062
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18063
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18063
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18064
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18064
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18065
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18065
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18066
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18066
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18067
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18067
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18068
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18068
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18069
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18069
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18070
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18070
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18071
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18071
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18072
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18072
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18073
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18073
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18074
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18074
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18075
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18075
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18076
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18076
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18077
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18077
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18078
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18078
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18079
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18079
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18080
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18080
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18081
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18081
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18082
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18082
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18083
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18083
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18084
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18084
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18085
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18085
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18086
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18086
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18087
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18087
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18088
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18088
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18089
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18089
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18090
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18090
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18091
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18091
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18092
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18092
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18093
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18093
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18094
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18094
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18095
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18095
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18096
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18096
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18097
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18097
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18098
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18098
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18099
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18099
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18100
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18100
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18101
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18101
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18102
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18102
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18103
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18103
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18104
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18104
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18105
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18105
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18106
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18106
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18107
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18107
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18108
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18108
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18109
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18109
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18110
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18110
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18111
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18111
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18112
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18112
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18113
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18113
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18114
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18114
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18115
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18115
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18116
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18116
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18117
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18117
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18118
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18118
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18119
Read: a from pipe: 18119
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18120
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18120
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18121
Read: a from pipe: 18121
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18122
Read: a from pipe: 18122
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18123
Read: a from pipe: 18123
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18124
Read: a from pipe: 18124
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18125
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18125
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18126
Read: a from pipe: 18126
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18127
Read: a from pipe: 18127
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18128
Read: a from pipe: 18128
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18129
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18129
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18130
Read: a from pipe: 18130
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18131
Read: a from pipe: 18131
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18132
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18132
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18133
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18133
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18134
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18134
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18135
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18135
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18136
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18136
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18137
Read: a from pipe: 18137
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18138
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18138
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18139
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18139
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18140
Read: a from pipe: 18140
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18141
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18141
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18142
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18142
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18143
Read: a from pipe: 18143
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18144
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18144
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18145
Read: a from pipe: 18145
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18146
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18146
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18147
Read: a from pipe: 18147
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18148
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18148
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18149
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18149
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18150
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18150
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18151
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18151
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18152
Read: a from pipe: 18152
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18153
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18153
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18154
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18154
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18155
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18155
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18156
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18156
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18157
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18157
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18158
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18158
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18159
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18159
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18160
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18160
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18161
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18161
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18162
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18162
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18163
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18163
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18164
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18164
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18165
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18165
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18166
Read: a from pipe: 18166
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18167
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18167
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18168
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18168
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18169
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18169
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18170
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18170
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18171
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18171
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18172
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18172
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18173
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18173
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18174
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18174
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18175
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18175
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18176
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18176
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18177
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18177
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18178
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18178
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18179
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18179
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18180
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18180
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18181
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18181
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18182
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18182
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18183
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18183
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18184
Read: a from pipe: 18184
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18185
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18185
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18186
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18186
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18187
Read: a from pipe: 18187
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18188
Read: a from pipe: 18188
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18189
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18189
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18190
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18190
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18191
Read: a from pipe: 18191
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18192
Read: a from pipe: 18192
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18193
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18193
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18194
Read: a from pipe: 18194
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18195
Read: a from pipe: 18195
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18196
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18196
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18197
Read: a from pipe: 18197
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18198
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18198
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18199
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18199
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18200
Read: a from pipe: 18200
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18201
Read: a from pipe: 18201
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18202
Read: a from pipe: 18202
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18203
Read: a from pipe: 18203
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18204
Read: a from pipe: 18204
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18205
Read: a from pipe: 18205
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18206
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18206
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18207
Read: a from pipe: 18207
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18208
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18208
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18209
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18209
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18210
Read: a from pipe: 18210
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18211
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18211
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18212
Read: a from pipe: 18212
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18213
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18213
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18214
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18214
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18215
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18215
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18216
Read: a from pipe: 18216
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18217
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18217
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18218
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18218
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18219
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18219
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18220
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18220
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18221
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18221
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18222
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18222
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18223
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18223
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18224
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18224
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18225
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18225
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18226
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18226
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18227
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18227
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18228
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18228
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18229
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18229
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18230
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18230
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18231
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18231
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18232
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18232
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18233
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18233
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18234
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18234
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18235
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18235
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18236
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18236
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18237
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18237
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18238
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18238
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18239
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18239
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18240
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18240
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18241
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18241
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18242
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18242
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18243
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18243
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18244
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18244
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18245
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18245
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18246
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18246
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18247
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18247
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18248
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18248
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18249
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18249
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18250
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18250
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18251
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18251
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18252
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18252
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18253
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18253
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18254
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18254
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18255
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18255
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18256
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18256
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18257
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18257
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18258
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18258
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18259
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18259
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18260
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18260
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18261
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18261
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18262
Read: a from pipe: 18262
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18263
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18263
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18264
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18264
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18265
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18265
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18266
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18266
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18267
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18267
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18268
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18268
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18269
Read: a from pipe: 18269
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18270
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18270
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18271
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18271
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18272
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18272
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18273
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18273
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18274
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18274
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18275
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18275
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18276
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18276
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18277
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18277
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18278
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18278
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18279
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18279
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18280
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18280
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18281
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18281
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18282
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18282
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18283
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18283
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18284
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18284
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18285
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18285
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18286
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18286
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18287
Read: a from pipe: 18287
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18288
Read: a from pipe: 18288
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18289
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18289
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18290
Read: a from pipe: 18290
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18291
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18291
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18292
Read: a from pipe: 18292
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18293
Read: a from pipe: 18293
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18294
Read: a from pipe: 18294
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18295
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18295
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18296
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18296
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18297
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18297
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18298
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18298
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18299
Read: a from pipe: 18299
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18300
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18300
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18301
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18301
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18302
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18302
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18303
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18303
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18304
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18304
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18305
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18305
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18306
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18306
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18307
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18307
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18308
Read: a from pipe: 18308
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18309
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18309
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18310
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18310
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18311
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18311
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18312
Read: a from pipe: 18312
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18313
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18313
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18314
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18314
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18315
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18315
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18316
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18316
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18317
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18317
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18318
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18318
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18319
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18319
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18320
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18320
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18321
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18321
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18322
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18322
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18323
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18323
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18324
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18324
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18325
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18325
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18326
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18326
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18327
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18327
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18328
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18328
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18329
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18329
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18330
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18330
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18331
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18331
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18332
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18332
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18333
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18333
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18334
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18334
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18335
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18335
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18336
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18336
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18337
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18337
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18338
Read: a from pipe: 18338
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18339
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18339
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18340
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18340
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18341
Read: a from pipe: 18341
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18342
Read: a from pipe: 18342
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18343
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18343
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18344
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18344
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18345
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18345
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18346
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18346
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18347
Read: a from pipe: 18347
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18348
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18348
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18349
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18349
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18350
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18350
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18351
Read: a from pipe: 18351
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18352
Read: a from pipe: 18352
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18353
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18353
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18354
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18354
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18355
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18355
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18356
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18356
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18357
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18357
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18358
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18358
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18359
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18359
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18360
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18360
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18361
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18361
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18362
Read: a from pipe: 18362
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18363
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18363
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18364
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18364
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18365
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18365
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18366
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18366
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18367
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18367
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18368
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18368
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18369
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18369
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18370
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18370
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18371
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18371
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18372
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18372
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18373
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18373
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18374
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18374
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18375
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18375
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18376
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18376
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18377
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18377
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18378
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18378
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18379
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18379
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18380
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18380
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18381
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18381
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18382
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18382
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18383
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18383
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18384
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18384
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18385
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18385
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18386
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18386
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18387
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18387
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18388
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18388
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18389
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18389
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18390
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18390
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18391
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18391
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18392
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18392
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18393
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18393
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18394
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18394
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18395
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18395
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18396
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18396
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18397
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18397
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18398
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18398
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18399
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18399
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18400
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18400
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18401
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18401
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18402
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18402
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18403
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18403
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18404
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18404
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18405
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18405
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18406
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18406
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18407
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18407
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18408
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18408
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18409
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18409
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18410
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18410
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18411
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18411
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18412
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18412
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18413
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18413
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18414
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18414
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18415
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18415
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18416
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18416
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18417
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18417
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18418
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18418
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18419
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18419
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18420
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18420
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18421
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18421
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18422
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18422
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18423
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18423
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18424
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18424
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18425
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18425
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18426
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18426
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18427
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18427
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18428
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18428
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18429
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18429
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18430
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18430
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18431
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18431
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18432
Read: a from pipe: 18432
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18433
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18433
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18434
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18434
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18435
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18435
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18436
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18436
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18437
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18437
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18438
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18438
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18439
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18439
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18440
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18440
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18441
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18441
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18442
Read: a from pipe: 18442
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18443
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18443
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18444
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18444
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18445
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18445
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18446
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18446
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18447
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18447
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18448
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18448
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18449
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18449
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18450
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18450
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18451
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18451
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18452
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18452
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18453
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18453
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18454
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18454
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18455
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18455
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18456
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18456
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18457
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18457
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18458
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18458
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18459
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18459
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18460
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18460
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18461
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18461
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18462
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18462
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18463
Read: a from pipe: 18463
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18464
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18464
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18465
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18465
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18466
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18466
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18467
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18467
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18468
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18468
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18469
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18469
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18470
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18470
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18471
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18471
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18472
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18472
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18473
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18473
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18474
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18474
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18475
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18475
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18476
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18476
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18477
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18477
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18478
Read: a from pipe: 18478
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18479
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18479
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18480
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18480
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18481
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18481
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18482
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18482
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18483
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18483
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18484
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18484
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18485
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18485
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18486
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18486
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18487
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18487
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18488
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18488
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18489
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18489
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18490
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18490
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18491
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18491
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18492
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18492
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18493
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18493
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18494
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18494
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18495
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18495
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18496
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18496
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18497
Read: a from pipe: 18497
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18498
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18498
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18499
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18499
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18500
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18500
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18501
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18501
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18502
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18502
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18503
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18503
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18504
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18504
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18505
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18505
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18506
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18506
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18507
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18507
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18508
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18508
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18509
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18509
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18510
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18510
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18511
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18511
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18512
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18512
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18513
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18513
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18514
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18514
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18515
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18515
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18516
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18516
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18517
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18517
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18518
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18518
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18519
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18519
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18520
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18520
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18521
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18521
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18522
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18522
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18523
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18523
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18524
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18524
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18525
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18525
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18526
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18526
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18527
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18527
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18528
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18528
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18529
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18529
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18530
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18530
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18531
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18531
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18532
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18532
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18533
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18533
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18534
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18534
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18535
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18535
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18536
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18536
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18537
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18537
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18538
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18538
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18539
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18539
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18540
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18540
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18541
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18541
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18542
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18542
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18543
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18543
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18544
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18544
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18545
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18545
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18546
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18546
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18547
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18547
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18548
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18548
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18549
Read: a from pipe: 18549
completed read
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18550
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18550
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18551
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18551
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18552
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18552
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18553
Read: a from pipe: 18553
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18554
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18554
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18555
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18555
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18556
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18556
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18557
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18557
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18558
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18558
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18559
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18559
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18560
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18560
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18561
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18561
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18562
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18562
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18563
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18563
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18564
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18564
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18565
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18565
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18566
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18566
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18567
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18567
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18568
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18568
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18569
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18569
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18570
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18570
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18571
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18571
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18572
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18572
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18573
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18573
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18574
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18574
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18575
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18575
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18576
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18576
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18577
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18577
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18578
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18578
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18579
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18579
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18580
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18580
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18581
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18581
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18582
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18582
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18583
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18583
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18584
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18584
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18585
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18585
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18586
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18586
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18587
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18587
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18588
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18588
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18589
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18589
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18590
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18590
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18591
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18591
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18592
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18592
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18593
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18593
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18594
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18594
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18595
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18595
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18596
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18596
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18597
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18597
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18598
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18598
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18599
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18599
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18600
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18600
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18601
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18601
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18602
Read: a from pipe: 18602
completed read
completed write
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18603
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18603
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18604
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18604
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18605
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18605
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18606
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18606
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18607
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18607
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18608
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18608
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18609
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18609
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18610
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18610
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18611
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18611
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18612
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18612
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18613
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18613
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18614
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18614
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18615
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18615
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18616
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18616
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18617
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18617
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18618
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18618
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18619
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18619
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18620
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18620
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18621
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18621
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18622
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18622
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18623
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18623
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18624
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18624
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18625
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18625
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18626
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18626
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18627
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18627
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18628
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18628
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18629
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18629
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18630
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18630
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18631
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18631
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18632
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18632
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18633
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18633
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18634
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18634
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18635
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18635
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18636
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18636
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18637
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18637
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18638
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18638
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18639
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18639
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18640
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18640
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18641
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18641
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18642
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18642
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18643
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18643
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18644
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18644
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18645
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18645
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18646
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18646
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18647
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18647
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18648
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18648
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18649
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18649
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18650
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18650
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18651
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18651
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18652
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18652
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18653
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18653
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18654
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18654
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18655
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18655
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18656
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18656
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18657
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18657
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18658
Read: a from pipe: 18658
completed read
completed write
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18659
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18659
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18660
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18660
i=1
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18661
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18661
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18662
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18662
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18663
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18663
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18664
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18664
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18665
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18665
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18666
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18666
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18667
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18667
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18668
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18668
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18669
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18669
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18670
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18670
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18671
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18671
i=0
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18672
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18672
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for write
opened for read
Wrote: a to pipe: 18673
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18673
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18674
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18674
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Read: a from pipe: 18675
completed read
Wrote: a to pipe: 18675
completed write
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18676
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18676
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18677
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18677
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18678
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18678
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18679
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18679
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18680
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18680
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18681
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18681
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18682
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18682
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18683
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18683
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18684
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18684
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18685
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18685
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18686
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18686
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18687
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18687
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18688
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18688
i=2
completed read
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18689
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18689
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18690
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18690
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18691
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18691
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18692
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18692
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18693
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18693
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18694
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18694
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18695
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18695
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18696
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18696
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18697
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18697
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18698
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18698
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18699
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18699
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18700
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18700
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18701
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18701
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18702
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18702
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18703
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18703
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18704
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18704
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18705
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18705
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18706
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18706
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18707
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18707
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18708
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18708
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18709
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18709
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18710
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18710
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18711
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18711
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18712
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18712
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18713
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18713
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18714
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18714
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18715
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18715
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18716
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18716
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18717
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18717
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18718
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18718
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18719
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18719
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18720
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18720
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18721
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18721
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18722
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18722
completed read
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18723
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18723
completed read
i=1
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18724
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18724
completed read
i=2
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18725
completed write
Read: a from pipe: 18725
completed read
in cleanup overhead
in initialise_overhead
in benchmark overhead
iterations 1
i=0
started open for write
started open for read
opened for read
opened for write
Wrote: a to pipe: 18726
Read: a from pipe: 18726
completed read
completed write
in cleanup overhead
in cleanup overhead

"size=0k ovr=975.45
